
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.111790                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1111790165500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1111790165500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 364814                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   532957                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              811193555                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 659476                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1370.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           58272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        36147200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           36205472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        58272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         58272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18138144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18138144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1129600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1131421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        566817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             566817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              52413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           32512610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              32565023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         52413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            52413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16314359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16314359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16314359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             52413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          32512610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             48879382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1131421                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     566817                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1131421                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   566817                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               72340608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   70336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                30830016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                36205472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18138144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1099                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 85069                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             73193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             71526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             71770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             68850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             67837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             67662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             70430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             69044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             66487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             66483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            70329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            71238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            73315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            73050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            73638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            75470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             30952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             30542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             31670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             29449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             28903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             28264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             29986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             29573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             28707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             28814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            29986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            29818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            30605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            30828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            31248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            32374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1111787523500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               1131421                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               566817                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1113878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  17960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  27907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  27906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  27904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  27909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  27908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  27949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  28036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  27939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  27903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  27900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       769143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    134.137033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.388367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.016591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       520221     67.64%     67.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       154789     20.12%     87.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        37155      4.83%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16055      2.09%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17007      2.21%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6244      0.81%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2444      0.32%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1792      0.23%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13436      1.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       769143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      40.511219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     29.479406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    220.514657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        27860     99.86%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           31      0.11%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         27900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.265914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.238574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.962284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9941     35.63%     35.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              850      3.05%     38.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            16860     60.43%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              247      0.89%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         27900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  29281042000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             50474579500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5651610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25905.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44655.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        65.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        27.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     32.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   603420                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  239477                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 53.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                49.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     654671.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    52.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2713557000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1442285955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4000627680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1249349580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         46882280640.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          25920337890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1760082720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    161649150000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     47211670080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     141696698640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           434537224785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            390.844637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1050337623500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2494902000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   19878362000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 572898093500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 122947757250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   39076607000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 354494443750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2778131160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1476611730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4069871400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1265223600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         47308840800.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          26391556890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1778592960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    162687755550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     47935532160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     140449782345                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           436151824365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            392.296889                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1049218915250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2506661000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   20059198000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 567656639500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 124830881000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   39967176250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 356769609750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2223580331                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2223580331                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349067     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038710      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2797177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2042.218783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293186249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2799225                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            104.738365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3855985500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2042.218783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         594770173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        594770173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    223903487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       223903487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69282762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69282762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293186249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293186249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293186249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293186249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2026891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2026891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       755950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       755950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2782841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2782841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2799225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2799225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  83235804500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83235804500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  47791786000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47791786000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 131027590500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 131027590500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 131027590500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 131027590500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41065.752672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41065.752672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63220.829420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63220.829420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47084.109548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47084.109548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46808.523966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46808.523966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1016                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   203.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1284389                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1284389                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2026891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2026891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       755950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       755950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2782841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2782841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2799225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2799225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  81208913500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  81208913500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  47035836000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47035836000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1377863000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1377863000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 128244749500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 128244749500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 129622612500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 129622612500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40065.752672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40065.752672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62220.829420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62220.829420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84098.083496                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84098.083496                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46084.109548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46084.109548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46306.607186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46306.607186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               858                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           859.663766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          369170.784103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   859.663766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.839515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.839515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1374797586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1374797586                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    163453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    163453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    163453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87783.566058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87783.566058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87783.566058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87783.566058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87783.566058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87783.566058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86783.566058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86783.566058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86783.566058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86783.566058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86783.566058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86783.566058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1143501                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32633.853018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4373975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1176269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.718516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                6671592000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      621.447914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          8.748360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32003.656744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.018965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.976674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6775390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6775390                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1284389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1284389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          858                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              858                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             292078                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                292078                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              41                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 41                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1377547                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1377547                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1669625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1669666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   41                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1669625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1669666                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           463872                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              463872                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1821                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1821                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       665728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          665728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1129600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1131421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1129600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1131421                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  42835092000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   42835092000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    158366500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    158366500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  65057620500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  65057620500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     158366500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  107892712500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     108051079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    158366500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 107892712500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    108051079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1284389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1284389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          858                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          858                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         755950                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            755950                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1862                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2043275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2043275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2799225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2801087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2799225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2801087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.613628                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.613628                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977981                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.977981                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.325814                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.325814                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.977981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.403540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.403922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.977981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.403540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.403922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92342.482409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92342.482409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86966.776496                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86966.776496                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97724.026179                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97724.026179                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86966.776496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 95514.086845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95500.330116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86966.776496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 95514.086845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95500.330116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               566817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    566817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        48877                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         48877                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       463872                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         463872                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1821                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1821                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       665728                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       665728                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1129600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1131421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1129600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1131421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  38196372000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38196372000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    140156500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140156500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  58400340500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58400340500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    140156500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  96596712500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  96736869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    140156500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  96596712500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96736869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.613628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.325814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.403540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.403922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.403540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.403922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82342.482409                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82342.482409                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76966.776496                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76966.776496                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87724.026179                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87724.026179                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76966.776496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85514.086845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85500.330116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76966.776496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85514.086845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85500.330116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2229133                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1097712                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             667549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       566817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           530895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            463872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           463872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        667549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3360554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3360554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3360554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     54343616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     54343616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                54343616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1131421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1131421    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1131421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3362774000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3844971500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5599122                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2798035                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          94666                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        94666                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1111790165500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2045137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1851206                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2089472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           755950                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          755950                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2043275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8395627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               8400209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    130675648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              130762688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1143501                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  18138144                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3944588                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.023999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.153047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3849921     97.60%     97.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  94667      2.40%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3944588                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3442184500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1862000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2799225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
