
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.071045                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1071044817500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1071044817500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 588689                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   860017                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1261025451                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 655512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   849.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           64192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        41013312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           41077504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        64192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         64192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     24707840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        24707840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           640833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              641836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        386060                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             386060                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              59934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           38292807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              38352741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         59934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            59934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        23068913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             23068913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        23068913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             59934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          38292807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             61421654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      641836                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     386060                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    641836                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   386060                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               41034496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   43008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                24706560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                41077504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             24707840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             42634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             40768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             39533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             38738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             38021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             38586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             39736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             39225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             37381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             36688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            39877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            41117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            42038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            41715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            42323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            42784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             25620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             24399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             23791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             23205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            24793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            25031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            25342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            25785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            25876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1071011466500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                641836                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               386060                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  632612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  13094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  14004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  22464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  22432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  22433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  22431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  22433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  22431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  22431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  22431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  22432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  22431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  22436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  22438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  22431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       568064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    115.728256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.388844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   144.959782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       412808     72.67%     72.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       107252     18.88%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20991      3.70%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6220      1.09%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9918      1.75%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1066      0.19%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          849      0.15%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          902      0.16%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8058      1.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       568064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      28.398377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.990966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    176.569701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        22417     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            5      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            4      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.210111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.182895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.959936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8427     37.57%     37.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              910      4.06%     41.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            13048     58.17%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               46      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  21343898500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             33365723500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3205820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     33289.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                52039.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        38.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        23.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     38.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     23.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   298005                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  161135                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                41.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1041945.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    44.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1996486800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1061157900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2265100740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              985102740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         38805911040.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          20808295170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1598663520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    116765914740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     48190618080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     158116123575                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           390606607875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            364.696788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1021201813000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2525602750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   16470530000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 639657947500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 125495451750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   30829640750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 256065644750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2059490160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1094644980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2312810220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1030026060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         39349867440.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          20905578210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1650273120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    118129839240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     48630468000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     157223218650                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           392399247780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            366.370519                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1020836174000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2634016250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   16702652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 635174199250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 126641790750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   30834837250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 259057322000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2142089635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2142089635                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349067     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038710      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2465916                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.227643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293518529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2466940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            118.980814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3723450500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1021.227643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          900                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         594437878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        594437878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224130293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224130293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69388236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69388236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293518529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293518529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293518529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293518529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1800081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1800081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       650475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       650475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2450556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2450556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2466940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2466940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  52601560500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52601560500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37272718500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37272718500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  89874279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89874279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  89874279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89874279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 29221.774187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29221.774187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57300.770206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57300.770206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36675.056191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36675.056191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36431.481512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36431.481512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       297090                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5065                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    58.655479                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1151173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1151173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1800081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1800081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       650475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       650475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2450556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2450556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2466940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2466940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  50801479500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50801479500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36622243500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36622243500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1403125489                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1403125489                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  87423723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  87423723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  88826848489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  88826848489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28221.774187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28221.774187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56300.770206                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56300.770206                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85639.983459                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85639.983459                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35675.056191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35675.056191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36006.894569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36006.894569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               529                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           459.571350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          664151.523671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   459.571350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.897600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.897600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          506                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1374796759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1374796759                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97759500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97759500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97759500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97759500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97759500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97759500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94453.623188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94453.623188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94453.623188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94453.623188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94453.623188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94453.623188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96724500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96724500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96724500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96724500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96724500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96724500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93453.623188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93453.623188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93453.623188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93453.623188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93453.623188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93453.623188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    626033                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16328.943893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4291974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    642417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.680978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                4223508000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       37.836257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         41.668188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16249.439448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.002543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.991787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  20380093                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 20380093                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1151173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1151173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          529                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              529                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             330385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                330385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              32                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 32                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1495722                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1495722                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1826107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1826139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   32                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1826107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1826139                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           320090                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              320090                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       320743                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          320743                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              640833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 641836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             640833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                641836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  32177487500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   32177487500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     94834000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     94834000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  33774798000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33774798000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      94834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   65952285500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      66047119500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     94834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  65952285500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     66047119500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1151173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1151173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          529                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          529                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         650475                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            650475                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1035                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1035                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1816465                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1816465                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2466940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2467975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2466940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2467975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.492087                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.492087                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.969082                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.969082                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.176575                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.176575                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.969082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.259768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.260066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.969082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.259768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.260066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100526.375394                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100526.375394                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94550.348953                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94550.348953                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105301.746258                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105301.746258                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94550.348953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102916.493845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102903.420033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94550.348953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102916.493845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102903.420033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               386060                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    386060                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           28                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            28                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       320090                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         320090                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       320743                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       320743                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         640833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            641836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        640833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           641836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28976587500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28976587500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84804000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84804000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30567368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30567368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59543955500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  59628759500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59543955500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  59628759500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.492087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.969082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.176575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.969082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.259768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.260066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.969082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.259768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.260066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90526.375394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90526.375394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84550.348953                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84550.348953                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95301.746258                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95301.746258                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84550.348953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92916.493845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92903.420033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84550.348953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92916.493845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92903.420033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1267027                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       625191                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             321746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       386060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           239131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            320090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           320090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        321746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1908863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1908863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1908863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     65785344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     65785344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                65785344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            641836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  641836    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              641836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2819323500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3473869000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4934420                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2466445                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            870                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          870                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1071044817500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1817500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1537233                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1554716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           650475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          650475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1816465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7399796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7402395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       100096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    231559232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              231659328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          626033                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  24707840                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3094008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.016776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3093137     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    871      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3094008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3618912000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1552500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3700410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
