
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.718486                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1718486178500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1718486178500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 485257                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   799089                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1667814055                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 665840                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1030.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          144000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       535981632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          536125632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       144000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        144000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    534120320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       534120320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          8374713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8376963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8345630                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8345630                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              83795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          311891733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             311975527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         83795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            83795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       310808621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            310808621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       310808621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             83795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         311891733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            622784149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8376963                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8345630                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8376963                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8345630                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              536124224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534119232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               536125632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            534120320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            523423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            523153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            523288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            523773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            523718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            523698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            523547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            523522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            523104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            523513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           523584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           523852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           523821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           523715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           523546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           523684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            521774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            521614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            521787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            521488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           521604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           521779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           521802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           521804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           521667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1718473271500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8376963                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8345630                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8376940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 520932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 520971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 520973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 520973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 520974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 520973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 520975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 520975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 520980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 520980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 520981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 520979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 520999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 520980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 520973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 520973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1396515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    766.367319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   560.042704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   377.874175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       211028     15.11%     15.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        49013      3.51%     18.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        34330      2.46%     21.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        53960      3.86%     24.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        66063      4.73%     29.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        35252      2.52%     32.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        21587      1.55%     33.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        86241      6.18%     39.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       839041     60.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1396515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       520973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.079409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.041768                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     16.758890                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        520968    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        520973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       520973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.019281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.018177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.195547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515938     99.03%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               47      0.01%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4968      0.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               19      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        520973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 163271822750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            320339466500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41884705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19490.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38240.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       311.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       310.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    311.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    310.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7626789                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7699250                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     102763.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               4989610500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2652040875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             29903191080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21780711000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         83761295280.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          94917808470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           6791040000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    199033012110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     84732363360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     214097130555                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           742684118040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            432.173458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1492684826000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9715883000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   35586646000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 835458011000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 220664676250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  180483540250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 436577422000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4981506600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2647733550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             29908167660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21783388860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         83372842800.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          94774588560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           6772149600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    198154363380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     84294210240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     214807517475                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           741523229535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            431.497927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1493033661750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9670687750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   35420496000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 838887443500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 219522261000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  180356170500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 434629119750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3436972357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3436972357                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8495481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.818921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           263178038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8496505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             30.974858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3122379500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.818921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1095194677                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1095194677                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157074348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157074348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    106103690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      106103690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     263178038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        263178038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    263178038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       263178038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       140035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        140035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      8356470                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8356470                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8496505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8496505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8496505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8496505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26934470500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26934470500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 740875956500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 740875956500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 767810427000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 767810427000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 767810427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 767810427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.073008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 192340.989753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192340.989753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88658.962038                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88658.962038                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90367.795582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90367.795582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90367.795582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90367.795582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8446082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8446082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       140035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8356470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8356470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8496505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8496505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8496505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8496505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26794435500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26794435500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 732519486500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 732519486500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 759313922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 759313922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 759313922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 759313922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073008                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073008                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 191340.989753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191340.989753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87658.962038                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87658.962038                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 89367.795582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89367.795582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 89367.795582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89367.795582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            989341                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           468.610650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           674363804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            989853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            681.276719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      891317229500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   468.610650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.915255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.915255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2702404481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2702404481                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    674363804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       674363804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     674363804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        674363804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    674363804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       674363804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       989853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        989853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       989853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         989853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       989853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        989853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13134373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13134373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13134373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13134373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13134373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13134373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13269.013682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13269.013682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13269.013682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13269.013682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13269.013682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13269.013682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       989341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            989341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       989853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       989853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       989853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       989853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       989853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       989853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12144520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12144520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12144520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12144520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12144520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12144520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12269.013682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12269.013682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12269.013682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12269.013682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12269.013682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12269.013682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8361863                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16313.513427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10592741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8378247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.264315                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                9417557000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      165.501110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        320.278239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      15827.734077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.010101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.019548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.966048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  84262963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 84262963                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8446082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8446082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       989341                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           989341                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              61711                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 61711                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          987603                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             987603                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          60081                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             60081                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                987603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                121792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1109395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               987603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               121792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1109395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          8294759                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8294759                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2250                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2250                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        79954                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           79954                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8374713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8376963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8374713                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8376963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 719336724500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  719336724500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    278798500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    278798500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25953206500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  25953206500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     278798500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  745289931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     745568729500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    278798500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 745289931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    745568729500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8446082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8446082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       989341                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       989341                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        8356470                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8356470                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       989853                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         989853                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       140035                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        140035                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            989853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8496505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              9486358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           989853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8496505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             9486358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.992615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.992615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002273                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002273                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.570957                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.570957                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.002273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.985666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.883054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.002273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.985666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.883054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86721.835378                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86721.835378                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 123910.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123910.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 324601.727243                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 324601.727243                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 123910.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88992.892174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89002.270811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 123910.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88992.892174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89002.270811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8345630                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8345630                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          191                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           191                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8294759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8294759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2250                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2250                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        79954                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        79954                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8374713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8376963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8374713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8376963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 636389134500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 636389134500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    256298500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256298500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25153666500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25153666500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    256298500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 661542801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 661799099500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    256298500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 661542801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 661799099500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.570957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.883054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.883054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76721.835378                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76721.835378                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 113910.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113910.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 314601.727243                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314601.727243                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 113910.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78992.892174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79002.270811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 113910.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78992.892174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79002.270811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      16737354                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8360391                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              82204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8345630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            14761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8294759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8294759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         82204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25114317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     25114317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               25114317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1070245952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1070245952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1070245952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8376963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8376963    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8376963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         50126253000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        44071047250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     18971180                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9484822                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1663                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1663                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1718486178500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1129888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16791712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       989341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           65632                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8356470                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8356470                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        989853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       140035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2969047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25488491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              28457538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    126668416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1084325568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1210993984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8361863                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 534120320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         17848221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009655                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               17846557     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1664      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           17848221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        18921013000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1484779500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12744757500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
