
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.104732                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2104731952500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2104731952500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 298650                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   523422                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1257155039                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 600536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1674.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       337935360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          337981824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        46464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         46464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     42419328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        42419328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10560480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10561932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1325604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1325604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              22076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          160559809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             160581885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         22076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            22076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        20154266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             20154266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        20154266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             22076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         160559809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            180736151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10561932                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1325604                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10561932                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1325604                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              674385344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1578304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                76986816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               337981824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             42419328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  24661                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                122658                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            672090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            650554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            652652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            696601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            648536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            644462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            672215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            641394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            646570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            645513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           649256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           655791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           666002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           669530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           660502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           665603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             74859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             95419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             76729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             70115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             80528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             69242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            70031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            73549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            75422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            75050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            75344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2104731039500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              10561932                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1325604                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10537269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  18650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  72750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  72929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  72932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  72933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  72931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  72933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  72932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  72930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  72937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  72989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  72938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  72937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  73027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  72947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  72954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  72929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6084630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.486900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.051131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.648781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2264727     37.22%     37.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3586245     58.94%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        93745      1.54%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23916      0.39%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13053      0.21%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11669      0.19%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10816      0.18%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9262      0.15%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        71197      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6084630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        72929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     144.486117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     76.982585                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    212.955791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         60727     83.27%     83.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         6652      9.12%     92.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         4899      6.72%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          271      0.37%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279          141      0.19%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           77      0.11%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           56      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           28      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           27      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           16      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           10      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            5      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            3      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         72929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        72929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.494385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.473139                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.853666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            54280     74.43%     74.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1295      1.78%     76.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            17302     23.72%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               52      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         72929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 242460411000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            440034242250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                52686355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23009.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41759.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       320.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        36.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    160.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     20.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5146389                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  509170                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                42.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     177053.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              21812992740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11593876800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             37688518560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3225965220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         159269819280.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         131488806120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4960234560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    635734173270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     83824012800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      53765971515                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1143388082595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            543.246410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1803406157750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5472579250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   67462522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 190963548500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 218290391000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  228390354500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1394152557250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              21631272600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11497294050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             37547596380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3053271960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         159250150800.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         131159728590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5222490240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    626408229420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     85541558400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      58810077750                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1140141582480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            541.703935                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1803450610500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5840457000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   67466694000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 206989618000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 222762764500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  227967993000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1373704426000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4209463905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4209463905                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          20914815                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.857965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           272896010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          20915839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.047337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         816510500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.857965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         314727688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        314727688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    201939647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       201939647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     70956363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       70956363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     272896010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        272896010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    272896010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       272896010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      19393643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1522196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1522196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      20915839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1083875148500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1083875148500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  54958257500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  54958257500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1138833406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1138833406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1138833406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1138833406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021002                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021002                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55888.166473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55888.166473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36104.586729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36104.586729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54448.373120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54448.373120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54448.373120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54448.373120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5752118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5752118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     19393643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1522196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1522196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20915839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1064481505500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1064481505500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  53436061500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53436061500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1117917567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1117917567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1117917567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1117917567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021002                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021002                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54888.166473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54888.166473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35104.586729                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35104.586729                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53448.373120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53448.373120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53448.373120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53448.373120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1300405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           454.937697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           676017079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1300865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            519.667359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   454.937697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.888550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         678618809                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        678618809                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    676017079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       676017079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     676017079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        676017079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    676017079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       676017079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1300865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1300865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17035624000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17035624000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17035624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  17035624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17035624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  17035624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13095.612535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13095.612535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13095.612535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13095.612535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13095.612535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13095.612535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1300405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1300405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1300865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1300865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15734759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15734759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15734759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15734759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15734759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15734759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12095.612535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12095.612535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12095.612535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12095.612535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12095.612535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12095.612535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10674593                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32628.206528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    33314129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10707361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.111330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               24668544000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      321.889437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          5.886132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32300.430959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.009823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.985731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          549                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18712                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  55139285                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 55139285                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5752118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          5752118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1300405                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1300405                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1062165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1062165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         1299413                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1299413                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        9293194                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           9293194                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               1299413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              10355359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 11654772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              1299413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             10355359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                11654772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           460031                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              460031                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1452                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1452                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     10100449                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10100449                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10560480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10561932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1452                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10560480                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10561932                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  40000035000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   40000035000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    139625000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    139625000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 937811103500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 937811103500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     139625000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  977811138500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     977950763500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    139625000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 977811138500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    977950763500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5752118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5752118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1300405                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1300405                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1522196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1522196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1300865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      19393643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             22216704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          1300865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         20915839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            22216704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.302215                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.302215                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001116                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001116                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.520812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.520812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.504903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.475405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.504903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.475405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86950.738102                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86950.738102                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96160.468320                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96160.468320                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92848.456885                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92848.456885                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96160.468320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92591.543045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92592.033683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96160.468320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92591.543045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92592.033683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1325604                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1325604                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       410434                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        410434                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       460031                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         460031                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1452                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1452                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10100449                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     10100449                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10560480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10561932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10560480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10561932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  35399725000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35399725000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    125105000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125105000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 836806613500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 836806613500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    125105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 872206338500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 872331443500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    125105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 872206338500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 872331443500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.302215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.520812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.504903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.475405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.504903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.475405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76950.738102                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76950.738102                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86160.468320                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86160.468320                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82848.456885                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82848.456885                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86160.468320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82591.543045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82592.033683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86160.468320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82591.543045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82592.033683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      21090629                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10528697                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10101901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1325604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9203093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            460031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           460031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10101901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     31652561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     31652561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               31652561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    380401152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    380401152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               380401152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10561932                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                10561932    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10561932                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         23755413500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36457701750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     44431924                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     22215220                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         556330                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       556330                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2104731952500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          20694508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7077722                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1300405                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        24511686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1522196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1522196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1300865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     19393643                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3902135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     62746493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              66648628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     83240640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    853374624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              936615264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10674593                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  42419328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         32891297                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.016914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.128950                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               32334967     98.31%     98.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 556330      1.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           32891297                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        25742223500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1300865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       20915839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
