
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.414433                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2414433409500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2414433409500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 308341                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   507756                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1488938301                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 668840                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1621.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          109856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       533335936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          533445792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       109856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        109856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    532019744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       532019744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16666748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16670181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16625617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16625617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              45500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          220894862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             220940362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         45500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            45500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       220349728                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            220349728                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       220349728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             45500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         220894862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            441290090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16670181                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16625617                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16670181                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16625617                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1066890688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534668992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               533445792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            532019744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8271386                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1041619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1042112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1042030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1042134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1041689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1041606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1041602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1041894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1042364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1042350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            522038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            522379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            522303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            522025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            522119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           522238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           522172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           522188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2414409755500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16670181                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16625617                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16670166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2025996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    790.504858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   618.502159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   352.594957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       206378     10.19%     10.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        87193      4.30%     14.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        91263      4.50%     18.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        70945      3.50%     22.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        78045      3.85%     26.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        86372      4.26%     30.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        74495      3.68%     34.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        75537      3.73%     38.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1255768     61.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2025996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.959839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.870409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     32.951973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       521593    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521597                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.016586                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.015675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.177446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           516889     99.10%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              780      0.15%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3913      0.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               15      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521597                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 247824810750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            560390442000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83350835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14866.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33616.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       441.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       221.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    220.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    220.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15301844                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7696530                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      72513.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7237568100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3846858675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             59507073360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21803297940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         114344552400.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         148968049920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           8781886080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    297147272280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     94785773760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     295213649760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1051659223965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            435.571847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2064817082750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9937335500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   48541078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1166351286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 246840815500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  291129749750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 651633144750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7228043340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3841796145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             59517919020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21805641720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         113991134400.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         148938006360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           8761348800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    296500195170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     94060578240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     295955688600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1050624097995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            435.143122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2064875601250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9892709750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   48390558000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1169777093500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 244952355750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  291206554500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 650214138000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4828866819                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4828866819                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16835803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.379090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254836705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16837851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.134752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        5770424500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.379090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         560186963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        560186963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157049843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157049843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97786862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97786862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254836705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254836705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254836705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254836705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       164552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        164552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16673299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16673299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16837851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16837851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16837851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16837851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26618359000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26618359000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1423566159000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1423566159000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1450184518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1450184518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1450184518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1450184518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.145669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 161762.597841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161762.597841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85379.993425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85379.993425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86126.461031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86126.461031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86126.461031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86126.461031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16773739                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16773739                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       164552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       164552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16673299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16673299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16837851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16837851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16837851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16837851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26453807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26453807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1406892860000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1406892860000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1433346667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1433346667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1433346667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1433346667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 160762.597841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160762.597841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84379.993425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84379.993425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85126.461031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85126.461031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85126.461031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85126.461031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2809456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           834.217259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           672543178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2810479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            239.298418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   834.217259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.814665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.814665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          639                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1353517793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1353517793                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    672543178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       672543178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     672543178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        672543178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    672543178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       672543178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      2810479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2810479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2810479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2810479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2810479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2810479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  36869436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36869436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  36869436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  36869436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  36869436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  36869436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13118.559505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13118.559505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13118.559505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13118.559505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13118.559505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13118.559505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2809456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           2809456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2810479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2810479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2810479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2810479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2810479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2810479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  34058957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34058957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  34058957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34058957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  34058957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34058957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12118.559505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12118.559505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12118.559505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12118.559505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12118.559505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12118.559505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16639231                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32658.090429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22621490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16671999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.356855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               10760511000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      225.279638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        451.007662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      31981.803130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.006875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.013764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.976007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 173846355                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                173846355                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16773739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16773739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2809456                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2809456                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              85548                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 85548                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         2807046                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2807046                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          85555                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             85555                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               2807046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                171103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2978149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              2807046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               171103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2978149                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16587751                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16587751                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3433                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3433                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        78997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           78997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16666748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16670181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3433                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16666748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16670181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1380984657500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1380984657500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    369255500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    369255500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25308651000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  25308651000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     369255500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1406293308500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1406662564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    369255500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1406293308500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1406662564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16773739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16773739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2809456                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2809456                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16673299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16673299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2810479                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        2810479                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       164552                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        164552                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           2810479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16837851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             19648330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          2810479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16837851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            19648330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.994869                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.994869                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001221                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001221                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.480073                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.480073                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.989838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.848427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.989838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.848427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83253.278730                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83253.278730                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107560.588407                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107560.588407                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 320374.837019                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 320374.837019                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107560.588407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84377.186749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84381.961060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107560.588407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84377.186749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84381.961060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16625617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16625617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          100                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           100                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16587751                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16587751                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3433                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3433                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        78997                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        78997                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16666748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16670181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16666748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16670181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1215107147500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1215107147500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    334925500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    334925500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24518681000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24518681000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    334925500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1239625828500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1239960754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    334925500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1239625828500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1239960754000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.480073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.848427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.848427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73253.278730                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73253.278730                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97560.588407                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97560.588407                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 310374.837019                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310374.837019                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97560.588407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74377.186749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74381.961060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97560.588407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74377.186749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74381.961060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      33307251                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16637070                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              82430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16625617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            11453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16587751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16587751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         82430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49977432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     49977432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49977432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1065465536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1065465536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1065465536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16670181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16670181    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16670181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66558504500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54438386000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     39293589                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19645259                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2261                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2261                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2414433409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2975031                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33399356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2809456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           75678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16673299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16673299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       2810479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       164552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8430414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50511505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              58941919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    179837920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1075570880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1255408800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16639231                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 532019744                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         36287561                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000062                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007893                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               36285300     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2261      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           36287561                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        29438392000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2810479000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16837851000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
