
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.395194                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2395194289500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2395194289500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 469389                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   772959                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2248557246                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 669856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1065.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          193056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       533643648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          533836704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       193056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        193056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    532108064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       532108064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16676364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16682397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16628377                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16628377                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              80601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          222797645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             222878247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         80601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            80601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       222156535                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            222156535                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       222156535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             80601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         222797645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            445034782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16682397                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16628377                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16682397                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16628377                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1067652096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   21312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534687232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               533836704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            532108064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    333                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8273872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1042004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1043304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1044803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1043094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1042248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1042433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1042157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1042751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1043526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1042980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            522705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            522619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            522195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            522010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           522125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           522092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           522070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2395181150500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16682397                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16628377                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16682063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2024079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    791.638730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   611.729665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   355.975946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       233278     11.53%     11.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        65721      3.25%     14.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        68849      3.40%     18.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        71549      3.53%     21.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       110060      5.44%     27.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        53595      2.65%     29.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        69901      3.45%     33.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        82759      4.09%     37.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1268367     62.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2024079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.982481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.901010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.054929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        521593    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.017040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.016094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.180971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           516797     99.08%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              804      0.15%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3915      0.75%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               82      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 248382092500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            561170792500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83410320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14889.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33639.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       445.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       223.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    222.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    222.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15308337                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7704136                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      71904.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7239103200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3847674600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             59558245740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21807536580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         117089534640.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         148354158210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           8966287200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    304158333840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     99801966240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     284528299200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1055378307060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            440.623255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2046437755500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10261843000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   49710248000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1119531021500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 259899269750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  288775320500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 667016586750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7212820860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3833705205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             59551691220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21802890780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         114824586240.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         147996498030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           8827418880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    299611951710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     96017791200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     288972849150                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1048679376915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            437.826433                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2047590415750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9973691000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   48745596000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1140501836500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 250044792000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  288881639000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 657046735000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4790388579                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4790388579                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16796278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.584537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254876230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16798326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.172716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        4335657500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.584537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1103496550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1103496550                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157080233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157080233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97795997                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97795997                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254876230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254876230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254876230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254876230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       134162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        134162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16664164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16664164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16798326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16798326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16798326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16798326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26743845500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26743845500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1423543847500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1423543847500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1450287693000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1450287693000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1450287693000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1450287693000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145589                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.145589                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 199339.943501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199339.943501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85425.458337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85425.458337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86335.251084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86335.251084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86335.251084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86335.251084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16750574                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16750574                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       134162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       134162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16664164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16664164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16798326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16798326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16798326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16798326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26609683500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26609683500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1406879683500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1406879683500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1433489367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1433489367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1433489367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1433489367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145589                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145589                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 198339.943501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198339.943501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84425.458337                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84425.458337                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85335.251084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85335.251084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85335.251084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85335.251084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1139538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           871.222859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           674213095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1140562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            591.123582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1565329134500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   871.222859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.850804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          597                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2702555190                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2702555190                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    674213095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       674213095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     674213095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        674213095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    674213095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       674213095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1140562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1140562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1140562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15817692500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15817692500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15817692500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  15817692500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15817692500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  15817692500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13868.332015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13868.332015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13868.332015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13868.332015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13868.332015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13868.332015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1139538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1139538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1140562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1140562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1140562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14677130500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14677130500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14677130500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14677130500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14677130500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14677130500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12868.332015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12868.332015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12868.332015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12868.332015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12868.332015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12868.332015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16667508                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32652.454420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    19168723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16700276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.147809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11057732000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      571.254159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        330.555398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      31750.644863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.017433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.968953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          989                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31668                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  52574980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 52574980                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16750574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16750574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1139538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1139538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              73951                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 73951                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         1134529                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1134529                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          48011                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             48011                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               1134529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                121962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1256491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              1134529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               121962                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1256491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16590213                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16590213                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          6033                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6033                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        86151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           86151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                6033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16676364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16682397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               6033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16676364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16682397                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1381106952000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1381106952000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1053733000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1053733000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25904324500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  25904324500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    1053733000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1407011276500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1408065009500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1053733000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1407011276500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1408065009500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16750574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16750574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1139538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1139538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16664164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16664164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1140562                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       134162                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        134162                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           1140562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16798326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             17938888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          1140562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16798326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            17938888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.995562                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.995562                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005289                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.005289                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.642142                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642142                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.005289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.992740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.929957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.005289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.992740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.929957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83248.295365                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83248.295365                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 174661.528261                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174661.528261                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 300685.128437                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 300685.128437                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 174661.528261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84371.585827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84404.238162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 174661.528261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84371.585827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84404.238162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16628377                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16628377                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         5705                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          5705                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16590213                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16590213                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6033                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6033                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        86151                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        86151                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           6033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16676364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16682397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          6033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16676364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16682397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1215204822000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1215204822000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    993403000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    993403000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25042814500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25042814500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    993403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1240247636500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1241241039500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    993403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1240247636500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1241241039500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.995562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.642142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.929957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.929957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73248.295365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73248.295365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 164661.528261                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164661.528261                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 290685.128437                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290685.128437                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 164661.528261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74371.585827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74404.238162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 164661.528261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74371.585827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74404.238162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      33331463                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16649066                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              92184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16628377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            20689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16590213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16590213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         92184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     50013860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     50013860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               50013860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1065944768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1065944768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1065944768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16682397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16682397    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16682397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66588273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54483373500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     35874704                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17935816                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          24147                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        24147                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2395194289500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1274724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33378951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1139538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           84835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16664164                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16664164                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1140562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       134162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3420662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50392930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              53813592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     72963200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1073564800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1146528000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16667508                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 532108064                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         34606396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.026406                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               34582249     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  24147      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           34606396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        26882408000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1140562000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16798326000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
