
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.961698                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                961698076500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               961698076500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 566626                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   730700                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1089846901                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 664448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   882.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     644780824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          239296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          550016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             789312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       239296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        239296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        96384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           96384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             8594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               12333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             248827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             571922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                820748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        248827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           248827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks          100223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               100223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks          100223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            248827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            571922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               920971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       12333                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1506                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     12333                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1506                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 666560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  122752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    4544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  789312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                96384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1918                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1406                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  960471179500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 12333                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1506                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   10155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    169.385159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.740567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.581311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1984     50.08%     50.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1427     36.02%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          110      2.78%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          200      5.05%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           60      1.51%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      0.63%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.71%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.28%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          117      2.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           1710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    933.556219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2366.505581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.750000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.715550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.258306                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                1     25.00%     25.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2     50.00%     75.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1     25.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    837842750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1033124000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   52075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     80445.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                99195.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      29.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6468                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 62.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                56.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   69403221.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    62.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 18642540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9908745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                52043460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 307980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         2629429920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            583223430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            164278560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5581647480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      4007957760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     225635058645                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           238682568210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            248.188671                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         957596597750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    335993500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1119702000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 937313290750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10437327250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     251323250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  12240439750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  9646140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5127045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                22319640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  62640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         446228640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            127917120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             16072800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1571379420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       528839520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     229611258600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           232338851565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            241.592301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         859414713000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22855000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     189186000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 956552510500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1377244250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     110208500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3446072250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   34                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       1923396153                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     644780824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             625781845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               27680885                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1532449                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     25288260                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    625781845                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      27680885                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1467255983                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          569426959                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             21886167                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            23676651                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            187287140                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           260710310                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     254811579                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   219158147                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   35653432                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1923396153                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          27593151                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1477149      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 363712896     56.41%     56.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   612864      0.10%     56.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   6327906      0.98%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                17838430      2.77%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                219158147     33.99%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                35653432      5.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  644780824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            761219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1022.907850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254049886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            762243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            333.292514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3897427500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1022.907850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         255574372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        255574372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    218755274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       218755274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     35294452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       35294452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data          160                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           160                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254049726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254049726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254049886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254049886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       401153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        401153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       359026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       359026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data         2064                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2064                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       760179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         760179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       762243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        762243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5846883500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5846883500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5015729500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5015729500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  10862613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10862613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  10862613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10862613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    219156427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219156427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     35653478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35653478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    254809905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254809905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    254812129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254812129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.928058                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.928058                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14575.195748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14575.195748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13970.379583                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13970.379583                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14289.546278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14289.546278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14250.853074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14250.853074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6302                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               222                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.387387                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       754780                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            754780                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       401153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       401153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       359026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       359026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2064                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2064                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       760179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       760179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       762243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       762243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5445730500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5445730500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4656703500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4656703500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     61695500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61695500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10102434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10102434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10164129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10164129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010070                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010070                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.928058                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928058                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13575.195748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13575.195748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12970.379583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12970.379583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29891.230620                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29891.230620                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13289.546278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13289.546278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13334.500284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13334.500284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             23913                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           495.915516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           695968821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             24409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          28512.795321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   495.915516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.968585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         696017639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        696017639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    695968821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       695968821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     695968821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        695968821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    695968821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       695968821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        24409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         24409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        24409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          24409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        24409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         24409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    812157500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    812157500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    812157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    812157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    812157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    812157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33272.870662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33272.870662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33272.870662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33272.870662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33272.870662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33272.870662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        23913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             23913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        24409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        24409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        24409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    787748500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    787748500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    787748500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    787748500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    787748500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    787748500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32272.870662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32272.870662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32272.870662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32272.870662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32272.870662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32272.870662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     12461                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4906.343061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1551650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     89.170163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      120.363001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        714.978961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       4071.001099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.014693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.087278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.496948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.598919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4923                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.603027                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1589184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1589184                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       754780                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           754780                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        23912                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            23912                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             354059                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                354059                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           20670                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              20670                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         399590                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            399590                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 20670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                753649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   774319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                20670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               753649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  774319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             4967                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4967                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3739                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3739                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         3627                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3627                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                8594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               8594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    400227500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     400227500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    533869000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    533869000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    706811500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    706811500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     533869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    1107039000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1640908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    533869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1107039000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1640908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       754780                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       754780                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        23912                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        23912                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         359026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            359026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        24409                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          24409                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       403217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        403217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             24409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            762243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               786652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            24409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           762243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              786652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.013835                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.013835                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.153181                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.153181                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008995                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008995                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.153181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.011275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.015678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.153181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.011275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.015678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80577.310248                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80577.310248                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 142783.899438                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142783.899438                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 194874.965536                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194874.965536                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 142783.899438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 128815.336281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133050.190546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 142783.899438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 128815.336281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133050.190546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1506                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1506                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         2732                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          2732                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4967                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           4967                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3739                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3739                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3627                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           8594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          8594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    350557500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    350557500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    496479000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496479000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    670541500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    670541500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    496479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1021099000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1517578000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    496479000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1021099000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1517578000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.153181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.153181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.015678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.153181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.015678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70577.310248                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70577.310248                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 132783.899438                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132783.899438                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 184874.965536                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184874.965536                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 132783.899438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 118815.336281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123050.190546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 132783.899438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 118815.336281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123050.190546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         19408                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7075                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        31741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        31741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       885696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       885696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  885696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             12333                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   12333    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               12333                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            25987500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           65207250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1571784                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       785132                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           8118                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8118                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961698076500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            427626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       756286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        23913                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           17394                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           359026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          359026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         24409                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       403217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2285705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2358436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3092608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     97089472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              100182080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           12461                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     96384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           799113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.010160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.100284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 790994     98.98%     98.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   8119      1.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             799113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1564585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          36613500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1143364500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
