
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.034515                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2034515297500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2034515297500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 150218                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   263275                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              611239782                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 600132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3328.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           37056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       322862880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          322899936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        37056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         37056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     39831968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        39831968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10089465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10090623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1244749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1244749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              18214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          158692776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             158710989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         18214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            18214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        19578112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             19578112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        19578112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             18214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         158692776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            178289101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10090623                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1244749                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10090623                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1244749                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              645348544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  451328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                74307136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               322899936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             39831968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7052                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 83671                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            646746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            626743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            627713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            642492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            617815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            620727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            627232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            616053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            625296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            620907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           621268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           629838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           639376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           643042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           637339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           640984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             73870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             78474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             71516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             68977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             71609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             68677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            68842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            72427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            74880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            74811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            74685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2034497490500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              10090623                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1244749                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10083571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  18329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  19516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  70171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  70202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  70202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  70201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  70201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  70201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  70202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  70204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  70201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  70205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  70204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  70204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  70211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  70206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  70203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  70200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5631322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.795157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.097414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   120.849994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1830431     32.50%     32.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3565474     63.32%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        91262      1.62%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        28512      0.51%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17390      0.31%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12131      0.22%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11689      0.21%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9045      0.16%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        65388      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5631322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        70200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     143.639131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     76.985708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    183.590809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         65324     93.05%     93.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023         4692      6.68%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535          143      0.20%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047           28      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            8      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         70200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        70200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.539160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.516660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.878057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            50685     72.20%     72.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1187      1.69%     73.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            18322     26.10%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         70200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 235800237750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            424867194000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                50417855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23384.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42134.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       317.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        36.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    158.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     19.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5064266                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  549032                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                47.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     179482.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              20019153420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              10640432385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             35882219940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3038802120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         152628019440.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         123981295650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4879869600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    600560190330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     83272598880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      60616210995                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1095538880190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            538.476596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1749866477750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5599693750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   64661992000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 216000109750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 216854832250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  214382777250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1317015892500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              20188485660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              10730434605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             36114477000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3021873660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         152916285600.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         124542220680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5027171040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    599476097640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     84118060320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      60440481660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1096596694845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.996532                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1748254357000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5629032750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   64786218000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 214559684750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 219058304250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  215842998750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1314639059000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4069030595                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4069030595                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          19136763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.901445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           274674062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          19137787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.352446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         615829500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.901445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          683                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1194385183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1194385183                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    203350997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       203350997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71323065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71323065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     274674062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        274674062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    274674062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       274674062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     17982293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      17982293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1155494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1155494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     19137787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       19137787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     19137787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      19137787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1031955921500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1031955921500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  49698703500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49698703500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1081654625000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1081654625000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1081654625000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1081654625000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57387.337727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57387.337727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43010.784565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43010.784565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56519.315687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56519.315687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56519.315687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56519.315687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5601959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5601959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17982293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17982293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1155494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1155494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19137787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     19137787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19137787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     19137787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1013973628500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013973628500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  48543209500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48543209500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1062516838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1062516838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1062516838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1062516838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56387.337727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56387.337727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42010.784565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42010.784565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55519.315687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55519.315687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55519.315687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55519.315687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             67152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.135727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677250280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             67664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10009.019272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      343557087500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.135727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.996359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2709339440                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2709339440                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677250280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677250280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677250280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677250280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677250280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677250280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         67664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          67664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         67664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    968715500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    968715500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    968715500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    968715500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    968715500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    968715500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14316.556810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14316.556810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14316.556810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14316.556810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14316.556810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14316.556810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        67152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             67152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        67664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    901051500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    901051500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    901051500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    901051500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    901051500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    901051500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13316.556810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13316.556810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13316.556810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13316.556810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13316.556810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13316.556810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10066574                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32663.503668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    28296470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10099342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.801813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               21677926000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       48.086335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          5.086302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32610.331032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.995188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9525                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  86918072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 86918072                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5601959                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          5601959                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        67151                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            67151                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             718405                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                718405                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           66506                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              66506                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        8329917                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           8329917                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 66506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               9048322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  9114828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                66506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              9048322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 9114828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           437089                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              437089                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1158                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1158                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      9652376                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9652376                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10089465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10090623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1158                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10089465                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10090623                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39266716000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   39266716000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    101241500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    101241500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 899536059500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 899536059500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     101241500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  938802775500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     938904017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    101241500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 938802775500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    938904017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5601959                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5601959                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        67151                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        67151                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1155494                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1155494                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          67664                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     17982293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      17982293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             67664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          19137787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             19205451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            67664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         19137787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            19205451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.378270                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.378270                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017114                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.017114                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.536771                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.536771                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.017114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.527201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.525404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.017114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.527201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.525404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89836.889055                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89836.889055                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87427.892919                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87427.892919                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93193.226155                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93193.226155                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87427.892919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93047.825182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93047.180239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87427.892919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93047.825182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93047.180239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1244749                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1244749                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        13553                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         13553                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       437089                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         437089                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1158                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1158                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9652376                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      9652376                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10089465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10090623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10089465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10090623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34895826000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34895826000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     89661500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89661500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 803012299500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 803012299500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     89661500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 837908125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 837997787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     89661500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 837908125500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 837997787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.378270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.536771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.527201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.525404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.527201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.525404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79836.889055                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79836.889055                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77427.892919                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77427.892919                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83193.226155                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83193.226155                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77427.892919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83047.825182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83047.180239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77427.892919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83047.825182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83047.180239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      20147963                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10057340                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9653534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1244749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8812591                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            437089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           437089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       9653534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     30238586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     30238586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               30238586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    362731904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    362731904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               362731904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10090623                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                10090623    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10090623                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         22651124500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        34788982000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     38409366                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19203915                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          22787                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        22787                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2034515297500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          18049957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6846708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        67152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        22356629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1155494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1155494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         67664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     17982293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       202480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     57412337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              57614817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4314112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    791671872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              795985984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10066574                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  39831968                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         29272025                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.027891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               29249237     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  22788      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           29272025                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        22039238500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          67664000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       19137787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
