
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.580350                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1580350217500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1580350217500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 549835                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   713645                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1737862729                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 661276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   909.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     648963383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           35072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       457774656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          457809728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        35072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         35072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    456374976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       456374976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          7152729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             7153277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       7130859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            7130859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              22193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          289666588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             289688781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         22193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            22193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       288780911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            288780911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       288780911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             22193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         289666588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            578469692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     7153277                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    7130859                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   7153277                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  7130859                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              457809728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               456373952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               457809728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            456374976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            446965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            446822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            446901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            446731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            446765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            446779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            451807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            446629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            446570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            446784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           446665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           446792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           446816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           446693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           446866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           446692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            445846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            445692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            445810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            445681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            445714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            445753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            445604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            445584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            445523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            445645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           445576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           445675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           445646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           445616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           445830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           445648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1579487764500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               7153277                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              7130859                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7153277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 386860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 387732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 397239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 397258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 397257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 397257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 397257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 397258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 397257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 397257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 397259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 397265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 397260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 397260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 397373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 397270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 397268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 397257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1704778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    536.247934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   360.961757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   397.687311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        85387      5.01%      5.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       605334     35.51%     40.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        95092      5.58%     46.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        93025      5.46%     51.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        78175      4.59%     56.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        77312      4.54%     60.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        59575      3.49%     64.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        64897      3.81%     67.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       545981     32.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1704778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       397257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.006671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.957201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     22.891123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        397255    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        397257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       397257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.950201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.947329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.309649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9519      2.40%      2.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              872      0.22%      2.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18           386739     97.35%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              127      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        397257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 115291127750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            249415071500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                35766385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16117.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34867.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       289.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       288.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    289.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    288.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  6313613                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6265729                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     110576.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6102115320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3243351210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             25556908860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            18612870480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         71893826160.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          80051614530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4900122240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    278495081340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     27363113760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     173492425395                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           689715945795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            436.432341                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1391177862000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2853703750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   30448558000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 710034719500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  71258078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  155019979000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 610735179250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6069999600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3226281300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             25517488920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            18610129980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         69976149360.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          77857552290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4734096960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    274326532260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     24450602880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     178588127325                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           683360174955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            432.410593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1396426876250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2668777750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   29649412000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 732007739500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  63673407500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  150757383500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 601593497250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3160700435                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     648963383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             648962728                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    848                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2369346                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     15707705                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    648962728                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           848                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1304344848                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          560057856                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1341                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 581                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             95274047                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           257707815                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     216142387                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   144433139                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   71709248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3160700435                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          18089551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   160      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 431926300     66.56%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   893946      0.14%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     520      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                144433139     22.26%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                71709248     11.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  648963383                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7210747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.654682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           208929602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7212795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             28.966524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         511050500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.654682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         223355192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        223355192                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    143943717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       143943717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     64985885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       64985885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     208929602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        208929602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    208929602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       208929602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       489431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        489431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      6723364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6723364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      7212795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        7212795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      7212795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       7212795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  41103810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41103810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 590061354500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 590061354500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 631165164500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 631165164500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 631165164500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 631165164500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    144433148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    144433148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     71709249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71709249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    216142397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    216142397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    216142397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    216142397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.093759                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.093759                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83982.849472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83982.849472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87762.815534                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87762.815534                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87506.322376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87506.322376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87506.322376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87506.322376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7195499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7195499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       489431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       489431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6723364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6723364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7212795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7212795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7212795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7212795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40614379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40614379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 583337990500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 583337990500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 623952369500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 623952369500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 623952369500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 623952369500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.093759                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093759                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82982.849472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82982.849472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86762.815534                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86762.815534                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86506.322376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86506.322376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86506.322376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86506.322376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           419.822207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           740207679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1303182.533451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   419.822207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.409983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.409983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.433594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         740208815                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        740208815                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    740207679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       740207679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     740207679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        740207679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    740207679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       740207679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47780500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47780500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47780500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47780500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47780500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47780500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84120.598592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84120.598592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84120.598592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84120.598592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84120.598592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84120.598592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47212500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47212500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47212500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47212500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47212500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47212500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83120.598592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83120.598592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83120.598592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83120.598592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83120.598592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83120.598592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   7152410                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16366.249340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7251714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   7168794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.011567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                3456314000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       15.737175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.804130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16349.708035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.997907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5927                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  21593027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 21593027                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      7195499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          7195499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          123                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              123                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              23183                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 23183                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              20                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 20                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          36883                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36883                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 60066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    60086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   20                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                60066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   60086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          6700181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             6700181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           548                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              548                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       452548                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          452548                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             7152729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                7153277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                548                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            7152729                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               7153277                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 573009523000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  573009523000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46144500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     46144500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39492959500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  39492959500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      46144500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  612502482500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     612548627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46144500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 612502482500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    612548627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      7195499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      7195499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          123                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          123                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        6723364                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6723364                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       489431                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        489431                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           7212795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7213363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          7212795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7213363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.996552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.996552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964789                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.964789                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.924641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.924641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.964789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.991672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.991670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.964789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.991672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.991670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85521.499046                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85521.499046                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84205.291971                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84205.291971                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87268.001405                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87268.001405                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84205.291971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85631.998989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85631.889692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84205.291971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85631.998989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85631.889692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              7130859                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7130859                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3725                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          3725                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6700181                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        6700181                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          548                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          548                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       452548                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       452548                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        7152729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           7153277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       7152729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          7153277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 506007713000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 506007713000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40664500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40664500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34967479500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34967479500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40664500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 540975192500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 541015857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40664500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 540975192500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 541015857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.924641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.991670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.991670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75521.499046                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75521.499046                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74205.291971                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74205.291971                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77268.001405                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77268.001405                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74205.291971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75631.998989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75631.889692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74205.291971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75631.998989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75631.889692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      14289688                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7136411                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             453096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7130859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6700181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6700181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        453096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21442965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     21442965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               21442965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    914184704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    914184704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               914184704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           7153277                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 7153277    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             7153277                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         42813130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        37659423500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14424234                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7210871                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          19724                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        19724                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1580350217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            489999                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     14326358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           36799                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6723364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6723364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       489431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21636337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              21637597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    922130816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              922175104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         7152410                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 456374976                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         14365773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               14346048     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  19725      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           14365773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        14407740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            852000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10819192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
