
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.957432                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                957431689500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               957431689500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 605066                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   780270                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1158618772                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 669664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   826.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     644781102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           76768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          292864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             369632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        76768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         76768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks          672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total             672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             9152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               11551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              80181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             305885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                386066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         80181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            80181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks             702                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                  702                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks             702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             80181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            305885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               386768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       11551                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         21                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     11551                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 738944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  369632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                  672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  521173302500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 11551                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                   21                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   11061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    241.012394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.784663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   283.297291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          711     23.19%     23.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1674     54.60%     77.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          144      4.70%     82.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           98      3.20%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           60      1.96%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      1.66%     89.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.27%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.72%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          267      8.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    197520000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               414007500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   57730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17107.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35857.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      17.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     8480                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   45037444.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 10667160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5669730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                41619060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         452375040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            157061220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             13362720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1819051260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       425781600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     228488409600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           231413997390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            241.702881                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         520807781500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     13685500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     191576000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 951954502250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1108756750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     173893250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3989275750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 11224080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5965740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                40819380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         418569840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            151372620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             13202880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1658873280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       387254400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     228602648400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           231289930620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            241.573298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          16290569000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     15400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     177306000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 952418997250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1008528750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     173535500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3637922000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   36                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       1914863379                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     644781102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             625782123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               27680885                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1532471                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     25288288                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    625782123                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      27680885                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1467256416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          569427134                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             21886167                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            23676651                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            187287334                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           260710298                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     254811591                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   219158117                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   35653474                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1914863379                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          27593210                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1477149      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 363713162     56.41%     56.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   612864      0.10%     56.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   6327906      0.98%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                17838430      2.77%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                219158117     33.99%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                35653474      5.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  644781102                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            457695                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4084.608791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254351442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            461791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            550.793415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        8144819500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4084.608791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         255275024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        255275024                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    219049105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       219049105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     35301618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       35301618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data          719                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           719                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254350723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254350723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254351442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254351442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       108335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        108335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       351951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       351951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data         1505                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1505                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       460286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         460286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       461791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        461791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1510710500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1510710500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5132013000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5132013000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   6642723500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6642723500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6642723500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6642723500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    219157440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219157440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     35653569                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35653569                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    254811009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254811009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    254813233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254813233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.676709                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.676709                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13944.805465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13944.805465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14581.612213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14581.612213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14431.730489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14431.730489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14384.696757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14384.696757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1741                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   248.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       452211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            452211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       108335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       108335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       351951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       351951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1505                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1505                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       460286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       460286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       461791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       461791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1402375500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1402375500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4780062000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4780062000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     56208000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56208000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6182437500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6182437500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6238645500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6238645500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.676709                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676709                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12944.805465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12944.805465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13581.612213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13581.612213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37347.508306                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37347.508306                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13431.730489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13431.730489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13509.673207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13509.673207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             20198                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1480.263696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           695971516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             21679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          32103.487984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1480.263696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.722785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.722785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.723145                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         696014874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        696014874                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    695971516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       695971516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     695971516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        695971516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    695971516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       695971516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        21679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         21679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        21679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          21679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        21679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         21679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    464480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    464480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    464480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    464480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    464480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    464480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    695993195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    695993195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    695993195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    695993195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    695993195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695993195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21425.342497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21425.342497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21425.342497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21425.342497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21425.342497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21425.342497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        20198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             20198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        21679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        21679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        21679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    442801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    442801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    442801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20425.342497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20425.342497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20425.342497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20425.342497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20425.342497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20425.342497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                       698                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 10893.739416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      949682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     11670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     81.378063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       85.827963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1915.569237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       8892.342215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.058459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.271373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.332451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         10972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.334839                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    973033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   973033                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       452211                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           452211                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        20198                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            20198                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             344524                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                344524                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           19280                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              19280                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         108115                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            108115                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 19280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                452639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   471919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                19280                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               452639                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  471919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             7427                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7427                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2399                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2399                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                9152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2399                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               9152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    634633000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     634633000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207842500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    207842500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    158614000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    158614000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     207842500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     793247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1001089500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207842500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    793247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1001089500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       452211                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       452211                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        20198                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        20198                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         351951                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            351951                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        21679                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          21679                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       109840                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        109840                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             21679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            461791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               483470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            21679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           461791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              483470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.021102                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.021102                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.110660                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.110660                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.110660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.019818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.023892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.110660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.019818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.023892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85449.441228                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85449.441228                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86637.140475                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86637.140475                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91950.144928                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91950.144928                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86637.140475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86674.715909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86666.911956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86637.140475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86674.715909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86666.911956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   21                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        21                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         7427                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7427                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2399                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2399                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           9152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          9152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    560363000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560363000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183852500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183852500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    141364000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141364000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183852500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    701727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    885579500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183852500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    701727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    885579500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.110660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.110660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.023892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.110660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.023892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75449.441228                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75449.441228                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76637.140475                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76637.140475                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81950.144928                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81950.144928                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76637.140475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76674.715909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76666.911956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76637.140475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76674.715909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76666.911956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         11871                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          320                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        23422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        23422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       370304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       370304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  370304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             11551                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   11551    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               11551                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12028000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38342500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       961363                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       477893                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            389                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          389                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957431689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            131519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       452232                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        20198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           351951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          351951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         21679                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       109840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1381277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1444833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1340064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     29248064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               30588128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             698                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                       672                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           484168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 483779     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    389      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             484168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          716886000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          21679000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         461791000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
