
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.182611                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2182611349500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2182611349500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 324295                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   568368                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1415618954                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 657084                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1541.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           72064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       337936800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          338008864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        72064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         72064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     42420864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        42420864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10560525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10562777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1325652                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1325652                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              33017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          154831413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             154864431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         33017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            33017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        19435830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             19435830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        19435830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             33017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         154831413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            174300261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10562777                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1325652                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10562777                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1325652                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              674438400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1579328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                77006272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               338008864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             42420864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  24677                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                122402                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            672091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            650649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            652678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            696631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            648532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            644641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            672368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            641470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            646592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            645621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           649302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           655797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           666003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           669578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           660501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           665646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             74881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             95441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             76737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             70140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             80562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             69258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            70085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            73578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            75450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            75032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            75348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2182610444500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              10562777                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1325652                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10538098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  18865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  72777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  72931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  72931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  72931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  72932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  72931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  72930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  72933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  72935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  72981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  72937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  72939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  73019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  72953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  72950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  72929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6095675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.275045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.970774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.299584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2265816     37.17%     37.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3605068     59.14%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        84473      1.39%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24733      0.41%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13115      0.22%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11780      0.19%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10287      0.17%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9314      0.15%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        71089      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6095675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        72929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     144.497484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     77.023417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    212.894339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         60722     83.26%     83.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         6660      9.13%     92.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         4898      6.72%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          270      0.37%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279          140      0.19%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           77      0.11%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           55      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           29      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           27      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           16      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           10      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            5      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            3      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         72929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        72929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.498553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.477220                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.855400                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            54067     74.14%     74.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1433      1.96%     76.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            17361     23.81%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               68      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         72929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 243164350500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            440753725500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                52690500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23074.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41824.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       309.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        35.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    154.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     19.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5136450                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  509197                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                42.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     183591.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              21852576900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11614916280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             37692488400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3226722120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         163086119040.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         132442762110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           5068702080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    643320523860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     93873800160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      61852270305                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1174051931985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            537.911583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1878919353500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5589116250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   69079352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 223666486500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 244463052750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  229023196750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1410790145250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              21670549740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11518170345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             37549545600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3054101940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         163282189200.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         132103051800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5354521920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    634032367020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     95958140640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      66764077215                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1171302351330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            536.651818                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1878924909250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6009115750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   69175966000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 238619881500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 249889134500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  228495168500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1390422083250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4365222699                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966681                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046955                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505516                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763597                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285041                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4365222699                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420257     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285041     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313784                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          20914815                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.847290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           272896009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          20915839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.047337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         933811500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.847290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         314727687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        314727687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    201939646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       201939646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     70956363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       70956363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     272896009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        272896009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    272896009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       272896009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      19393643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1522196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1522196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      20915839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1084219380500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1084219380500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  55280059500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  55280059500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1139499440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1139499440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1139499440000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1139499440000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021002                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021002                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55905.916207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55905.916207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36315.993144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36315.993144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54480.216643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54480.216643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54480.216643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54480.216643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5752126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5752126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     19393643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1522196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1522196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20915839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1064825737500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1064825737500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  53757863500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53757863500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1118583601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118583601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1118583601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118583601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021002                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021002                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54905.916207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54905.916207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35315.993144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35315.993144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53480.216643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53480.216643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53480.216643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53480.216643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           7727590                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           254.783346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           669590098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           7727845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             86.646419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   254.783346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.995247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         685045788                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        685045788                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    669590098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       669590098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     669590098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        669590098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    669590098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       669590098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      7727845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       7727845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      7727845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        7727845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      7727845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       7727845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100675969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100675969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100675969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 100675969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100675969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 100675969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13027.689996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13027.689996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13027.689996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13027.689996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13027.689996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13027.689996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      7727590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           7727590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7727845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7727845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7727845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7727845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7727845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7727845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  92948124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92948124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  92948124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  92948124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  92948124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  92948124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12027.689996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12027.689996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12027.689996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12027.689996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12027.689996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12027.689996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10676531                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32611.237151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    46166355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10709299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.310866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               28663369000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      329.098823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         15.673883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32266.464446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.010043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.984694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          549                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18712                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  67995388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 67995388                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5752126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          5752126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      7727590                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          7727590                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1062163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1062163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         7725593                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            7725593                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        9293151                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           9293151                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               7725593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              10355314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 18080907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              7725593                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             10355314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                18080907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           460033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              460033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2252                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2252                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     10100492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10100492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10560525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10562777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2252                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10560525                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10562777                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  40321858000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   40321858000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    237630000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    237630000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 938155787000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 938155787000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     237630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  978477645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     978715275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    237630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 978477645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    978715275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5752126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5752126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      7727590                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      7727590                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1522196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1522196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      7727845                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        7727845                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      19393643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           7727845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             28643684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          7727845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         20915839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            28643684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.302217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.302217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.520815                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.520815                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.504906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.368765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.504906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.368765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87649.925114                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87649.925114                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 105519.538188                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105519.538188                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92882.187026                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92882.187026                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 105519.538188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92654.261507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92657.004403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 105519.538188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92654.261507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92657.004403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1325652                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1325652                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       410435                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        410435                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       460033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         460033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2252                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10100492                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     10100492                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10560525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10562777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10560525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10562777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  35721528000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35721528000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215110000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215110000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 837150867000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 837150867000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 872872395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 873087505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 872872395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 873087505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.302217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.520815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.504906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.368765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.504906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77649.925114                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77649.925114                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95519.538188                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95519.538188                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82882.187026                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82882.187026                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95519.538188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82654.261507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82657.004403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95519.538188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82654.261507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82657.004403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      21092524                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10529747                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10102744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1325652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9204095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            460033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           460033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10102744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     31655301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     31655301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               31655301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    380429728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    380429728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               380429728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10562777                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                10562777    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10562777                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         23757428500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36462756500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     57286089                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     28642405                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         557219                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       557219                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2182611349500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          27121488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7077778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      7727590                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        24513568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1522196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1522196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       7727845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     19393643                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     23183280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     62746493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              85929773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    494573920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    853374880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1347948800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10676531                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  42420864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         39320215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.014171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.118197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               38762996     98.58%     98.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 557219      1.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           39320215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        35382902500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        7727845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       20915839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
