
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.386557                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2386556999500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2386556999500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 477103                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   785661                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2277267110                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 669152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1047.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           98976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       533324704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          533423680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        98976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         98976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    531989824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       531989824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16666397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16669490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16624682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16624682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              41472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          223470340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             223511812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         41472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            41472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       222911007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            222911007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       222911007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             41472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         223470340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            446422819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16669490                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16624682                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16669490                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16624682                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1066846592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534585920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               533423680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            531989824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8271747                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1041602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1042063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1041951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1042000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1041636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1041574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1041532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1041846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1042329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1042264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            522269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            522131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            522037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           522100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           522135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           522120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2386533849500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16669490                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16624682                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16669477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2022332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    791.874189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   618.178559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   352.510578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       215752     10.67%     10.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        76490      3.78%     14.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        77026      3.81%     18.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        86126      4.26%     22.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        81303      4.02%     26.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        79037      3.91%     30.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        73206      3.62%     34.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        74158      3.67%     37.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1259234     62.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2022332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.962671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.874226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     33.059645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       521525    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.016185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.015297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.175288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           516930     99.12%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              774      0.15%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3809      0.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               15      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 247279061000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            559831773500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83347390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14834.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33584.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       447.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       224.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    223.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    222.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15306040                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7694011                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      71680.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7222759740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3838987845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             59504224500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21798970560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         113157682560.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         148720090800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           8659662720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    295911134940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     93315698400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     289719088365                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1041875127660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            436.559916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2037793975750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9660131250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   48043926000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1145868361250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 243018710250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  291044375750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 648921495000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7216690740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3835762095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             59515848420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21803193540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         112860196800.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         148682819070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           8652490080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    295192359810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     92780623200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     290401788735                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1040967527910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            436.179619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2037846422750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9644905250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   47917438000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1148940882250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 241625327250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  291082914500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 647345532250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4773113999                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4773113999                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16835803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.371840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254836705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16837851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.134752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        5770424500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.371840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         560186963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        560186963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157049843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157049843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97786862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97786862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254836705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254836705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254836705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254836705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       164552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        164552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16673299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16673299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16837851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16837851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16837851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16837851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26011331500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26011331500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1423614884000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1423614884000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1449626215500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1449626215500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1449626215500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1449626215500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.145669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 158073.627182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158073.627182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85382.915763                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85382.915763                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86093.303445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86093.303445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86093.303445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86093.303445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16773935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16773935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       164552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       164552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16673299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16673299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16837851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16837851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16837851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16837851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25846779500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25846779500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1406941585000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1406941585000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1432788364500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1432788364500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1432788364500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1432788364500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 157073.627182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157073.627182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84382.915763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84382.915763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85093.303445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85093.303445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85093.303445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85093.303445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            534824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1235.586217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           674816946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            536711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1257.319015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1235.586217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.603314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.603314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1887                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1743                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921387                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1351244025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1351244025                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    674816946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       674816946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     674816946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        674816946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    674816946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       674816946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       536711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        536711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       536711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         536711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       536711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        536711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7277560500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7277560500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7277560500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7277560500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7277560500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7277560500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13559.551602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13559.551602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13559.551602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13559.551602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13559.551602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13559.551602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       534824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            534824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       536711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       536711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       536711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       536711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       536711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       536711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6740849500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6740849500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6740849500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6740849500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6740849500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6740849500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12559.551602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12559.551602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12559.551602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12559.551602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12559.551602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12559.551602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16637976                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32656.805617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    18074359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16670744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.084196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               10760939000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      143.169301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        294.451765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32219.184551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.008986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.983251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31722                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 155651500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                155651500                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16773935                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16773935                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       534824                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           534824                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              85602                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 85602                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          533618                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             533618                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          85852                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             85852                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                533618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                171454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   705072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               533618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               171454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  705072                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16587697                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16587697                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3093                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3093                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        78700                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           78700                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16666397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16669490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3093                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16666397                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16669490                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1381032815500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1381032815500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    332794000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    332794000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  24698505000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  24698505000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     332794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1405731320500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1406064114500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    332794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1405731320500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1406064114500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16773935                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16773935                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       534824                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       534824                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16673299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16673299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       536711                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         536711                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       164552                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        164552                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            536711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16837851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             17374562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           536711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16837851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            17374562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.994866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.994866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005763                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.005763                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.478268                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.478268                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.005763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.989817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.959419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.005763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.989817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.959419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83256.452990                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83256.452990                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107595.861623                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107595.861623                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 313831.067344                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 313831.067344                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107595.861623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84345.243936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84349.558055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107595.861623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84345.243936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84349.558055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16624682                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16624682                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           86                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            86                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16587697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16587697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3093                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3093                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        78700                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        78700                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16666397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16669490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16666397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16669490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1215155845500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1215155845500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    301864000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    301864000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23911505000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23911505000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    301864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1239067350500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1239369214500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    301864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1239067350500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1239369214500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.478268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.478268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.959419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.959419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73256.452990                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73256.452990                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97595.861623                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97595.861623                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 303831.067344                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303831.067344                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97595.861623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74345.243936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74349.558055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97595.861623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74345.243936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74349.558055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      33304670                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16635180                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              81793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16624682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16587697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16587697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         81793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49974160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     49974160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49974160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1065413504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1065413504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1065413504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16669490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16669490    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16669490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66554054500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54431523500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     34745189                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17370627                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2882                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2882                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2386556999500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            701263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33398617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       534824                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           75162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16673299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16673299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        536711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       164552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1608246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50511505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              52119751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     34289120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1075577152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1109866272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16637976                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 531989824                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         34012538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009205                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               34009656     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2882      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           34012538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        26026974000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         536711000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16837851000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
