
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.131562                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2131562166500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2131562166500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 538903                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   699456                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2297409748                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 663412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   927.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     648963383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           27936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       443123840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          443151776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        27936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         27936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    442071552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       442071552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         13847620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            13848493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      13814736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           13814736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              13106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          207886895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             207900001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         13106                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            13106                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       207393225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            207393225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       207393225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             13106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         207886895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            415293226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    13848493                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   13814736                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  13848493                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 13814736                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              886303552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               456667456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               443151776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            442071552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               6679282                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            865839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            865569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            865764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            865563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            865591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            865580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            865527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            865362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            865271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            865440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           865355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           865476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           865545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           865406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           865685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           865520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            446494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            445693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            445812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            445686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            445714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            445753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            445632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            445584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            446185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            445654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           448832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           445671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           445639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           445604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           445828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           445648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2130699629500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              13848493                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             13814736                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                13848493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  56154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 201021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 429891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 429892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 429892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 429892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 429892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 429892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 429892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 429892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 429891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 429891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 429891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 429891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 429892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 429891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 429891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 429891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1956102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    686.554693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   492.882358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   389.008540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       235488     12.04%     12.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       206708     10.57%     22.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       134770      6.89%     29.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        92432      4.73%     34.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        90540      4.63%     38.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        72780      3.72%     42.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        95763      4.90%     47.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        78311      4.00%     51.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       949310     48.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1956102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       429891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.213940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.792431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     49.457771                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       429890    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        429891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       429891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.598228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.583419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.708234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           228871     53.24%     53.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17           144867     33.70%     86.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            56153     13.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        429891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 190852862750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            450512106500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                69242465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13781.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32531.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       415.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       214.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    207.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    207.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 12647764                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6380056                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77022.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6999927480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3720549690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             49443036300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            18616440960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         95857410480.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         123965769420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           6265443360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    353950538490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     35679468960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     238169311410                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           932672769840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            437.553632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1842522017750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4158843500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   40612240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 974257675250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  92915207750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  243411088250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 776207111750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6966640800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3702857400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             49435203720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            18630498420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         95785497600.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         124300463160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           6249151200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    353019396750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     35865838560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     238373180895                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           932332537245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            437.394016                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1841843519500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4193312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   40593436000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 975125165000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  93400608250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  244084054750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 774165590250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4263124333                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     648963383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             648962728                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    848                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2369346                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     15707705                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    648962728                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           848                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1304344848                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          560057856                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1341                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 581                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             95274047                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           257707815                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     216142387                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   144433139                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   71709248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4263124333                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          18089551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   160      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 431926300     66.56%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   893946      0.14%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     520      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                144433139     22.26%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                71709248     11.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  648963383                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          13921802                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.771335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           202218557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          13923850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.523178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         421841500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.771335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         230066257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        230066257                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    143929835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       143929835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     58288722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       58288722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     202218557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        202218557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    202218557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       202218557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       503321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        503321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     13420529                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     13420529                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     13923850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       13923850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     13923850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      13923850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  41169475500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41169475500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1147890945000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1147890945000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1189060420500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1189060420500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1189060420500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1189060420500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    144433156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    144433156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     71709251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71709251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    216142407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    216142407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    216142407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    216142407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.187152                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.187152                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.064420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.064420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81795.664198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81795.664198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85532.466343                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85532.466343                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85397.387971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85397.387971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85397.387971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85397.387971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     13893215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          13893215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       503321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       503321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13420529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     13420529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13923850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13923850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13923850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13923850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40666154500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40666154500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1134470416000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1134470416000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1175136570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1175136570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1175136570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1175136570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.187152                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187152                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.064420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.064420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80795.664198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80795.664198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84532.466343                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84532.466343                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84397.387971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84397.387971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84397.387971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84397.387971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           691.565959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           740207354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          828899.612542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   691.565959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.337679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.337679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.361328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         740209140                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        740209140                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    740207354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       740207354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     740207354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        740207354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    740207354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       740207354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75851500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75851500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75851500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75851500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75851500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75851500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84940.089586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84940.089586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84940.089586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84940.089586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84940.089586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84940.089586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74958500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74958500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74958500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74958500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74958500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74958500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83940.089586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83940.089586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83940.089586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83940.089586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83940.089586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83940.089586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  13815761                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32732.073324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    13998169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  13848529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.010805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                4857825000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.347400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.518599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32729.207324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.998816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        26651                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 236622113                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                236622113                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     13893215                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         13893215                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          153                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              153                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              20287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 20287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              20                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 20                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          55943                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             55943                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 76230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    76250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   20                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                76230                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   76250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         13400242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            13400242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           873                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              873                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       447378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          447378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            13847620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               13848493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                873                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           13847620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              13848493                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1114126609000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1114126609000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73409000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     73409000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39323771500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  39323771500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      73409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1153450380500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1153523789500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1153450380500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1153523789500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     13893215                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     13893215                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          153                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          153                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       13420529                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          13420529                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          893                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            893                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       503321                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        503321                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          13923850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             13924743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         13923850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            13924743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.998488                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998488                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977604                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.977604                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888852                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.888852                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.977604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.994525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.994524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.977604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.994525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.994524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83142.275266                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83142.275266                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84088.201604                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84088.201604                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87898.313060                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87898.313060                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84088.201604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83295.929589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83295.979534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84088.201604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83295.929589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83295.979534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             13814736                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  13814736                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13400242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       13400242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          873                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          873                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       447378                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       447378                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       13847620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          13848493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      13847620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         13848493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 980124189000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 980124189000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64679000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64679000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34849991500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34849991500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1014974180500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015038859500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1014974180500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015038859500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.994524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73142.275266                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73142.275266                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74088.201604                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74088.201604                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77898.313060                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77898.313060                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74088.201604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73295.929589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73295.979534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74088.201604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73295.929589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73295.979534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      27663478                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13814985                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             448251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13814736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          13400242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         13400242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        448251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     41511971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     41511971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               41511971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    885223328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    885223328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               885223328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13848493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                13848493    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13848493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         55292953000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        45208253500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     27846698                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13921955                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            776                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          776                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2131562166500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            504214                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     27707951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           29612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         13420529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        13420529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       503321                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     41769502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              41771441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        33472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    890146080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              890179552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        13815761                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 442071552                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         27740504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005289                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               27739728    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    776      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           27740504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20870033000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            893000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       13923850000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
