
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.129824                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2129824449500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2129824449500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 510609                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   662733                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2175016255                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 663672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   979.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     648963383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           27808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       443132000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          443159808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        27808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         27808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    442067520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       442067520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         13847875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            13848744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      13814610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           13814610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              13056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          208060340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             208073397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         13056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            13056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       207560543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            207560543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       207560543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             13056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         208060340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            415633940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    13848744                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   13814610                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  13848744                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 13814610                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              886319616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               456407296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               443159808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            442067520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               6683218                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            865837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            865570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            865764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            865563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            865591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            865580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            865781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            865362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            865271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            865440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           865355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           865476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           865545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           865405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           865685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           865519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            446169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            445692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            445812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            445686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            445713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            445753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            445509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            445584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            445853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            445647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           445560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           445670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           445637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           445603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           445828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           445648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2128962080500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              13848744                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             13814610                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                13848744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  56745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 203644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 429435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 429438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 429437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 429437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 429437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 429437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 429437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 429437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 429437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 429437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 429437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 429436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 429437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 429437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 429436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 429436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1925787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    697.235422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   508.027159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   384.521563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       214315     11.13%     11.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       202166     10.50%     21.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       125069      6.49%     28.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        92633      4.81%     32.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        86950      4.52%     37.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        80188      4.16%     41.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        93953      4.88%     46.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        80681      4.19%     50.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       949832     49.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1925787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       429436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.248649                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.850184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     43.825056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       429434    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        429436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       429436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.606349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.591497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.709206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           225793     52.58%     52.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17           146899     34.21%     86.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            56743     13.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        429436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 189832232250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            449496182250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                69243720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13707.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32457.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       416.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       214.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    208.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    207.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 12645199                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6409122                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76959.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6875612940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3654474945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             49444842720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            18614091960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         95650276800.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         123020267670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           6313790400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    353628702240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     35817281280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     238277581725                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           931300339140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            437.266245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1842735594750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4251014750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   40528208000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 974817663250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  93274204500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  241451823000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 775501536000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6874506240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3653886720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             49435189440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            18611628120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         95507065680.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         123016608840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           6316454880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    353182551840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     35541542400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     238675750815                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           930818332905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            437.039932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1842747455000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4264197250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   40467604000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 976515855500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  92556126500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  241497517250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 774523149000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4259648899                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     648963383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             648962728                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    848                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2369346                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     15707705                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    648962728                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           848                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1304344848                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          560057856                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1341                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 581                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             95274047                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           257707815                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     216142387                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   144433139                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   71709248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4259648899                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          18089551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   160      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 431926300     66.56%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   893946      0.14%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     520      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                144433139     22.26%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                71709248     11.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  648963383                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          13858685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4095.291620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           202279626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          13862781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.591562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         709282500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4095.291620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1743002037                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1743002037                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    143970771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       143970771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     58308855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       58308855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     202279626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        202279626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    202279626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       202279626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       462385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        462385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     13400396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     13400396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     13862781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       13862781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     13862781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      13862781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  40230150500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40230150500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1147031918000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1147031918000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1187262068500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1187262068500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1187262068500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1187262068500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    144433156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    144433156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     71709251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71709251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    216142407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    216142407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    216142407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    216142407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.186871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.186871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.064137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.064137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87005.743050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87005.743050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85596.867287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85596.867287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85643.859519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85643.859519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85643.859519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85643.859519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     13843865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          13843865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       462385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       462385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13400396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     13400396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13862781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13862781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13862781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13862781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39767765500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39767765500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1133631522000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1133631522000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1173399287500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1173399287500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1173399287500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1173399287500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.186871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.186871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.064137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.064137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86005.743050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86005.743050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84596.867287                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84596.867287                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84643.859519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84643.859519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84643.859519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84643.859519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                60                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           756.634455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           740207369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               878                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          843060.784738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   756.634455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.738901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.738901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.798828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5921666854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5921666854                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    740207369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       740207369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     740207369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        740207369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    740207369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       740207369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75402500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75402500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75402500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75402500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75402500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75402500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85879.840547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85879.840547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85879.840547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85879.840547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85879.840547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85879.840547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74524500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74524500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74524500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74524500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74524500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74524500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84879.840547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84879.840547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84879.840547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84879.840547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84879.840547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84879.840547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  13816000                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32731.818639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    13873380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  13848768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.001777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                4856917000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.372231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.224320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32729.222088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.998817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6097                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        26626                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 124738380                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                124738380                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     13843865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         13843865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           60                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               60                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               9                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  9                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          14752                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             14752                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 14906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    14915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                14906                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   14915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         13400242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            13400242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           869                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              869                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       447633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          447633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            13847875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               13848744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           13847875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              13848744                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1113529311000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1113529311000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73112000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     73112000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  38919292000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  38919292000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      73112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1152448603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1152521715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     73112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1152448603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1152521715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     13843865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     13843865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           60                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       13400396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          13400396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          878                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            878                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       462385                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        462385                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          13862781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             13863659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         13862781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            13863659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.989749                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.989749                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.968096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.968096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.989749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.998925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.989749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.998925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83097.701594                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83097.701594                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84133.486766                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84133.486766                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86944.644385                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86944.644385                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84133.486766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83222.054142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83222.111334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84133.486766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83222.054142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83222.111334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             13814610                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  13814610                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          255                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           255                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13400242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       13400242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          869                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          869                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       447633                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       447633                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       13847875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          13848744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      13847875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         13848744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 979526891000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 979526891000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64422000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64422000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34442962000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34442962000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64422000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1013969853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1014034275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64422000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1013969853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1014034275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.989749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.968096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.989749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.989749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73097.701594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73097.701594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74133.486766                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74133.486766                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76944.644385                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76944.644385                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74133.486766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73222.054142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73222.111334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74133.486766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73222.054142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73222.111334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      27663776                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13815032                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             448502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13814610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          13400242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         13400242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        448502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     41512520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     41512520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               41512520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    885227328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    885227328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               885227328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13848744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                13848744    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13848744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         55292999000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        45210187750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     27722404                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13858745                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1223                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1223                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2129824449500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            463263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     27658475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           60                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           16210                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         13400396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        13400396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           878                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       462385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     41584247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              41586063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    886612672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              886642688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        13816000                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 442067520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         27679659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.006650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               27678435    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1224      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           27679659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20783164500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            878000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       13862781000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
