
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.116960                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1116960111500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1116960111500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 357280                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   521950                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              798134477                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 659704                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1399.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           58208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        36348096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           36406304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        58208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         58208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18166112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18166112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1135878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1137697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        567691                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             567691                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              52113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           32541982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              32594095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         52113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            52113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16263886                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16263886                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16263886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             52113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          32541982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             48857981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1137697                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     567691                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1137697                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   567691                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               72724928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   87680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                30877504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                36406304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18166112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1370                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 85204                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             73513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             71686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             72143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             68910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             68198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             67909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             70654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             69251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             66610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             66569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            70502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            71380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            73589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            73286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            73929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            78198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             30968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             30541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             31720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             29401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             28956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             28315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             30088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             29665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             28701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             28828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            30035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            29837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            30636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            30815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            31337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            32618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1116957469500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               1137697                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               567691                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1119902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  17915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  27956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  27951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  27950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  27958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  27953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  27999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  28122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  27981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  27948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  27947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       772993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    134.027563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.358267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.874980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       522819     67.64%     67.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       155989     20.18%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        37151      4.81%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16356      2.12%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16637      2.15%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6359      0.82%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2401      0.31%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1813      0.23%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13468      1.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       772993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      40.657960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     29.649345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    203.526264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        27909     99.86%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           26      0.09%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            5      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         27947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.263427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.235889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.965901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10033     35.90%     35.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              809      2.89%     38.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            16817     60.17%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              286      1.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         27947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  29639133750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             50945265000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5681635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26083.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44833.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        65.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        27.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     32.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   605745                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  240049                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 53.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                49.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     654957.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    52.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2723146020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1447382640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4014564960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1250993880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         47212956960.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          26121416790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1768246560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    163336263930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     47301552960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     141866025360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           437051875350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            391.286910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1055046573250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2494674750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   20018146000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 573676030500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 123180902500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   39398046500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 358192311250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2796031140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1486125795                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4098809820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1267452540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         48456988320.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          26767549980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1825302240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    165754838910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     49550056320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     139043965920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           441060251055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            394.875558                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1053438005000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2587803750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   20547086000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 560942712250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 129036259750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   40349001750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 363497248000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2233920223                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2233920223                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349067     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038710      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3166487                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2042.167160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           292816939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3168535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             92.413983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3934479500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2042.167160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2012                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         299154009                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        299154009                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    223585218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       223585218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69231721                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69231721                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     292816939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        292816939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    292816939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       292816939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2345160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2345160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       806991                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       806991                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3152151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3152151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3168535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3168535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  88064413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88064413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  48502227500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  48502227500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 136566640500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 136566640500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 136566640500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 136566640500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37551.558529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37551.558529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60102.563102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60102.563102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43324.904327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43324.904327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43100.878008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43100.878008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          210                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1536241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1536241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2345160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2345160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       806991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       806991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3152151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3152151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3168535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3168535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  85719253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  85719253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  47695236500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47695236500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1361733000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1361733000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 133414489500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 133414489500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 134776222500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 134776222500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011522                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011522                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36551.558529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36551.558529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59102.563102                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59102.563102                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83113.586426                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83113.586426                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42324.904327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42324.904327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42535.816237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42535.816237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           998.699540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          371164.152268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   998.699540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.487646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.487646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.670898                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687399714                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687399714                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    163114500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163114500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    163114500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163114500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    163114500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163114500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88074.784017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88074.784017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88074.784017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88074.784017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88074.784017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88074.784017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161262500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161262500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161262500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161262500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161262500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161262500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87074.784017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87074.784017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87074.784017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87074.784017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87074.784017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87074.784017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1159395                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32634.475341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5089513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1192163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.269142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                6672063000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      605.957832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          8.860832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32019.656676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.018492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.977162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          602                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7529514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7529514                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1536241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1536241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          478                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              478                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             342614                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                342614                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              33                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 33                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1690043                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1690043                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2032657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2032690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   33                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2032657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2032690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           464377                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              464377                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1819                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1819                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       671501                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          671501                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1135878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1137697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1819                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1135878                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1137697                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  42887303000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   42887303000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    158137000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    158137000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  65793218500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  65793218500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     158137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  108680521500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     108838658500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    158137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 108680521500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    108838658500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1536241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1536241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          478                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          478                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         806991                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            806991                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1852                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1852                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2361544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2361544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           3168535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3170387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          3168535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3170387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.575443                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.575443                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982181                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.982181                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.284348                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.284348                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.982181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.358487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.358851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.982181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.358487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.358851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92354.494301                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92354.494301                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86936.228697                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86936.228697                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97979.330634                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97979.330634                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86936.228697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 95679.748617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95665.769093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86936.228697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 95679.748617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95665.769093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               567691                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    567691                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        55675                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         55675                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       464377                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         464377                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1819                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1819                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       671501                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       671501                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1135878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1137697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1135878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1137697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  38243533000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38243533000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    139947000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139947000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59078208500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  59078208500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    139947000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  97321741500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97461688500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    139947000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  97321741500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97461688500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.575443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.284348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.358487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.358851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.982181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.358487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.358851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82354.494301                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82354.494301                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76936.228697                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76936.228697                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87979.330634                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87979.330634                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76936.228697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85679.748617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85665.769093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76936.228697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85679.748617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85665.769093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2241333                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1103636                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             673320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       567691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           535945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            464377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           464377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        673320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3379030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3379030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3379030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     54572416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     54572416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                54572416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1137697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1137697    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1137697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3376722000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3866478000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6337352                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3166965                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         111434                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       111434                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1116960111500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2363396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2103932                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          478                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2221950                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           806991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          806991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1852                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2361544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9503557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               9507739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    150552832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              150627392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1159395                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  18166112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4329782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.025737                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.158349                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4218347     97.43%     97.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 111435      2.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4329782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3937035500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1852000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3168535000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
