
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.960157                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                960156626500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               960156626500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 619709                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   799154                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1190036197                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 668040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   806.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     644780824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           75488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          292640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             368128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        75488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         75488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks           32                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total              32                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             9145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               11504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                  1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              78621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             304784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                383404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         78621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            78621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks              33                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                   33                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks              33                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             78621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            304784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               383437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       11504                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     11504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 736256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  368128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                   32                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  522704716500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 11504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   11019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    241.079240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.605141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   283.882213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          711     23.28%     23.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1662     54.42%     77.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          148      4.85%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          100      3.27%     85.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      1.70%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           54      1.77%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      1.24%     90.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.82%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          264      8.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    202420000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               418120000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   57520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17595.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36345.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     8450                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   45432830.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 10560060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5612805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                41433420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         455448240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            157654590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             13623840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1806901140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       441767520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     229140008625                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           232073108430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            241.703386                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         522336689250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14471500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     192900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 954662258750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1150469000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     173882500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3962644750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 11245500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5977125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                40705140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         416725920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            151019220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             12966720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1677276300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       368885280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     229257657420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           231942458625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            241.567315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          16394543000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14902000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     176514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 955152792500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    960562750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     173730500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3678124750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   34                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       1920313253                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     644780824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             625781845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               27680885                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1532449                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     25288260                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    625781845                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      27680885                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1467255983                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          569426959                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             21886167                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            23676651                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            187287140                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           260710310                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     254811579                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   219158147                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   35653432                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1920313253                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          27593151                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1477149      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 363712896     56.41%     56.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   612864      0.10%     56.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   6327906      0.98%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                17838430      2.77%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                219158147     33.99%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                35653432      5.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  644780824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            706650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2046.218131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254104523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            708698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            358.551207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        4015220500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2046.218131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1019961582                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1019961582                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    218997218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       218997218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     35107302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       35107302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             3                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254104520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254104520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254104523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254104523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       160252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        160252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       546225                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       546225                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data         2221                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2221                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       706477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         706477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       708698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        708698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2187655500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2187655500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7660179500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7660179500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   9847835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9847835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   9847835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9847835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    219157470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219157470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     35653527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35653527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    254810997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254810997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    254813221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254813221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998651                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.998651                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13651.346005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13651.346005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14023.853723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14023.853723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13939.356837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13939.356837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13895.672063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13895.672063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1622                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   324.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       700106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            700106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       160252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       160252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       546225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       546225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2221                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2221                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       706477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       706477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       708698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       708698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2027403500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2027403500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7113954500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7113954500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     65117000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65117000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9141358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9141358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9206475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9206475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015320                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015320                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998651                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998651                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12651.346005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12651.346005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13023.853723                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13023.853723                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29318.775326                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29318.775326                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12939.356837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12939.356837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12990.688558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12990.688558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               562                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1843.205761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           695990824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          289272.994181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1843.205761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.900003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1844                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1844                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2783975326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2783975326                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    695990824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       695990824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     695990824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        695990824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    695990824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       695990824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    211257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    211257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    211257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    211257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    211257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    211257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87804.239401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87804.239401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87804.239401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87804.239401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87804.239401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87804.239401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    208851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    208851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    208851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86804.239401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86804.239401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86804.239401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86804.239401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86804.239401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86804.239401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                        15                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 11410.657386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1406807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     11507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    122.256626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        2.992408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       2345.674932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       9061.990046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.071584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.276550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.348226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         11492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.350708                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5684771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5684771                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       700106                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           700106                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          562                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              562                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             538801                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                538801                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              47                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 47                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         160752                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            160752                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                699553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   699600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   47                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               699553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  699600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             7424                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7424                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2359                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2359                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1721                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1721                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                9145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               9145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    637205500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     637205500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    204748500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    204748500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    160915000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    160915000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     204748500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     798120500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1002869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    204748500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    798120500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1002869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       700106                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       700106                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          562                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          562                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         546225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            546225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2406                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2406                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       162473                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        162473                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            708698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               711104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           708698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              711104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.013591                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.013591                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980466                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.980466                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010593                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010593                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.980466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.012904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.016178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.980466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.012904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.016178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85830.482220                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85830.482220                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86794.616363                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86794.616363                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93500.871586                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93500.871586                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86794.616363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87273.974850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87175.678025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86794.616363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87273.974850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87175.678025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                    1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                         1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         7424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2359                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2359                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1721                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1721                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           9145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          9145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    562965500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562965500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    181158500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181158500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    143705000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143705000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    181158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    706670500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    887829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    181158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    706670500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    887829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.016178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.016178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75830.482220                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75830.482220                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76794.616363                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76794.616363                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83500.871586                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83500.871586                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76794.616363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77273.974850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77175.678025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76794.616363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77273.974850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77175.678025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         11508                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        23012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        23012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       368160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       368160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  368160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             11504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   11504    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               11504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11624000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1418316                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       707212                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 960156626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            164879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       700107                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           546225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          546225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       162473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2124046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2129420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        94976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     45081728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               45176704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                              15                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                        32                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           711119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 711106    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     13      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             711119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1059492000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2406000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         708698000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
