
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.379242                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2379242236500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2379242236500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 482634                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   794769                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2296604824                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 670524                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1035.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          111712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       533462688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          533574400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       111712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        111712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    531995296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       531995296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16670709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16674200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16624853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16624853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              46953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          224215374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             224262327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         46953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            46953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       223598626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            223598626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       223598626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             46953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         224215374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            447860953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16674200                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16624853                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16674200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16624853                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1067146112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534475200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               533574400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            531995296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     42                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8273650                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1041864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1042523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1042527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1042474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1041825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1042015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1041865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1042070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1042614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1042568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            522173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            521962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            521986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           521912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           521974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2379229313500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16674200                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16624853                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16674157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2014350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    795.105772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   620.944051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   352.394816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       212881     10.57%     10.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        74938      3.72%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        77088      3.83%     18.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        81562      4.05%     22.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        83379      4.14%     26.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        65498      3.25%     29.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        73500      3.65%     33.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        74893      3.72%     36.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1270611     63.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2014350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.979128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.895479                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.062759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        521400    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521407                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.016615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.015672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.180922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           516787     99.11%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              796      0.15%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3611      0.69%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              210      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521407                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 246964495500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            559604958000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83370790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14811.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33561.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       448.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       224.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    224.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    223.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15308553                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7702430                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      71450.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7197883980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3825766065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             59523552480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21796052580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         114388191840.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         147619296540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           8766041760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    298801673910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     95303047200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     286186210890                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1043436589665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            438.558363                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2032608481000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9894327500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   48560942000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1129171739750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 248186202500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  288163065250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 655265959500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7184575020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3818692185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             59529935640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21797080920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         113478524640.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         147391095330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           8721930240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    296842953270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     93729375840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     288156238875                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1040676513960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            437.398299                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2033243485250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9800095000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   48173742000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1138186803250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 244088070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  288022854500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 650970671750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4758484473                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4758484473                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16690842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4092.423040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254979618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16694938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.272870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        8173448500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4092.423040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1103393162                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1103393162                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157117412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157117412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97862206                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97862206                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254979618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254979618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254979618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254979618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        96983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         96983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16597955                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16597955                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16694938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16694938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16694938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16694938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25572951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25572951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1422058998500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1422058998500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1447631949500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1447631949500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1447631949500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1447631949500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.145011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 263684.882918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 263684.882918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85676.759486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85676.759486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86710.831121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86710.831121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86710.831121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86710.831121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16669003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16669003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        96983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        96983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16597955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16597955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16694938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16694938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16694938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16694938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25475968000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25475968000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1405461043500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1405461043500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1430937011500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1430937011500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1430937011500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1430937011500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 262684.882918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262684.882918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84676.759486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84676.759486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85710.831121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85710.831121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85710.831121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85710.831121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             70752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1306.836706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           675280891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             72766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           9280.170560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1306.836706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.638104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.638104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983398                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2701487394                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2701487394                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    675280891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       675280891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     675280891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        675280891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    675280891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       675280891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        72766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         72766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        72766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          72766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        72766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         72766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1350205500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1350205500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1350205500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1350205500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1350205500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1350205500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18555.444851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18555.444851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18555.444851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18555.444851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18555.444851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18555.444851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        70752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             70752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        72766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        72766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        72766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1277439500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277439500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1277439500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277439500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1277439500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277439500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17555.444851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17555.444851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17555.444851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17555.444851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17555.444851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17555.444851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16659907                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32651.679658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    16832215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16692675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.008359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11057738000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      772.323566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        220.626776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      31658.729316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.023569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.006733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.966148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1038                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31617                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  50221973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 50221973                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16669003                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16669003                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        70752                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            70752                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               9311                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  9311                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           69275                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              69275                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          14918                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             14918                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 69275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 24229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    93504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                69275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                24229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   93504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16588644                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16588644                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3491                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3491                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        82065                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           82065                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16670709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16674200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16670709                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16674200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1380466345500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1380466345500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    440903000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    440903000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25173854000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  25173854000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     440903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1405640199500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1406081102500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    440903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1405640199500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1406081102500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16669003                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16669003                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        70752                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        70752                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16597955                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16597955                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        72766                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          72766                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        96983                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         96983                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             72766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16694938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16767704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            72766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16694938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16767704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047976                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.047976                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.846179                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.846179                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.047976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.998549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.994424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.047976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.998549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.994424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83217.552049                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83217.552049                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 126297.049556                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126297.049556                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 306755.060013                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 306755.060013                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 126297.049556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84317.961492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84326.750459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 126297.049556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84317.961492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84326.750459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16624853                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16624853                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         4408                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          4408                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16588644                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16588644                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3491                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3491                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        82065                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        82065                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16670709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16674200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16670709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16674200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1214579905500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1214579905500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    405993000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    405993000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24353204000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24353204000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    405993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1238933109500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1239339102500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    405993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1238933109500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1239339102500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.846179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.994424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73217.552049                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73217.552049                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 116297.049556                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116297.049556                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 296755.060013                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296755.060013                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 116297.049556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74317.961492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74326.750459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 116297.049556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74317.961492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74326.750459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      33313220                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16639020                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              85556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16624853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            14167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16588644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16588644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         85556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49987420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     49987420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49987420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1065569696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1065569696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1065569696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16674200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16674200    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16674200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66562956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54451895000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     33529298                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16761594                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          25295                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        25295                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2379242236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            169749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33293856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        70752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           56893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16597955                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16597955                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         72766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        96983                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       216284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50080718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              50297002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4592576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1067646112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1072238688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16659907                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 531995296                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         33427611                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000757                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.027498                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               33402316     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  25295      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           33427611                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        25134526500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          72766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16694938000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
