
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.703023                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1703023366500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1703023366500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 343328                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   601726                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1169390877                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 598056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1456.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           44416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       400477632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          400522048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        44416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         44416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     70383616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        70383616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6257463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6258157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1099744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1099744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              26081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          235156863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             235182943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         26081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            26081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        41328626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             41328626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        41328626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             26081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         235156863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            276511570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6258157                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1099744                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6258157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1099744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              400146368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  375680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                70382016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               400522048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             70383616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   5870                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            404802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            387866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            387427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            395286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            379227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            383694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            385804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            379316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            387296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            384208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           385355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           390198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           399142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           403161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           399098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           400407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             71289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             70331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             70365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             72049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             66995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             65544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             66921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             65104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             66538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             65316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            65642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            68969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            71328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            71286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            70987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            71055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1703006089500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6258157                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1099744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6252287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  28459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5482095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     85.830031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.993533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.637154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4922958     89.80%     89.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       404213      7.37%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43485      0.79%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19791      0.36%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13951      0.25%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13575      0.25%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11399      0.21%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7564      0.14%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        45159      0.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5482095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      95.798023                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     56.773525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    125.770246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         64747     99.21%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023          510      0.78%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.850057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.822000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.977661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            36807     56.40%     56.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1447      2.22%     58.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            27001     41.37%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 196312950750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            313543332000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                31261435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     31398.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50148.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       234.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        41.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    235.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     41.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1337325                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  532586                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 21.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                48.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     231452.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    25.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              19441848720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              10333587660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             22158433080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2863681560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         126140108640.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          96185164140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4216687680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    483859821600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     78708135840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      59990922450                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           903917145390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            530.772014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1481064701750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5202047750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   53451640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 215003198250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 204967632250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  163302130250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1061096718000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              19700309580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              10470962865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             22482896100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2876851620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         125904701520.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          96883162200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4310451840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    483034993980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     78581101920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      59878169340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           904135785315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            530.900398                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1479306931250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5109968000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   53350380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 215382492250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 204638463000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  165254095500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1059287967750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3406046733                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3406046733                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12807560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.791174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           280969142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12808584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             21.936003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1055810500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.791174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         600364036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        600364036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    209004168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       209004168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71964974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71964974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     280969142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        280969142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    280969142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       280969142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     12295001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12295001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       513583                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       513583                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     12808584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12808584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     12808584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12808584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 708583390500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 708583390500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25289511000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25289511000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 733872901500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 733872901500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 733872901500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 733872901500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.043600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.043600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57631.828619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57631.828619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49241.331976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49241.331976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57295.396704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57295.396704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57295.396704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57295.396704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3857696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3857696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12295001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12295001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       513583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       513583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12808584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12808584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12808584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12808584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 696288389500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 696288389500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24775928000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24775928000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 721064317500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 721064317500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 721064317500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 721064317500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007086                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007086                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.043600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.043600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56631.828619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56631.828619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48241.331976                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48241.331976                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56295.396704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56295.396704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56295.396704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56295.396704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            901102                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           254.373350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           676416586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            901358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            750.441651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      358623873500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   254.373350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.993646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1355537246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1355537246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    676416586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       676416586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     676416586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        676416586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    676416586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       676416586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        901358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         901358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        901358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11771803500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11771803500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11771803500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11771803500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11771803500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11771803500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13060.075464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13060.075464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13060.075464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13060.075464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13060.075464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13060.075464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       901102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            901102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       901358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       901358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       901358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10870445500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10870445500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10870445500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10870445500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10870445500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10870445500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12060.075464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12060.075464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12060.075464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12060.075464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12060.075464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12060.075464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6243325                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16338.970663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21158720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6259709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.380144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               10506780000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        8.787552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          5.926614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16324.256497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.996354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 115934121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                115934121                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3857696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3857696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       901101                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           901101                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             305389                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                305389                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          900664                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             900664                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        6245732                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6245732                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                900664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               6551121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7451785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               900664                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              6551121                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7451785                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           208194                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              208194                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           694                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              694                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6049269                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6049269                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6257463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6258157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6257463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6258157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  20795973500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   20795973500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     61428500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     61428500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 612265695000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 612265695000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      61428500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  633061668500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     633123097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     61428500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 633061668500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    633123097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3857696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3857696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       901101                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       901101                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         513583                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            513583                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         901358                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     12295001                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      12295001                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            901358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          12808584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             13709942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           901358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         12808584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            13709942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.405376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.405376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000770                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000770                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.492010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.492010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.488537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.456469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.488537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.456469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 99887.477545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99887.477545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88513.688761                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88513.688761                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101213.170550                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101213.170550                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88513.688761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101169.063005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101167.659584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88513.688761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101169.063005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101167.659584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1099744                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1099744                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          174                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           174                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       208194                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         208194                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          694                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          694                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6049269                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6049269                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6257463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6258157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6257463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6258157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18714033500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18714033500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54488500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54488500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 551773005000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 551773005000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54488500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 570487038500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 570541527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54488500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 570487038500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 570541527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.405376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.492010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.488537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.456469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.488537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.456469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 89887.477545                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89887.477545                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78513.688761                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78513.688761                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91213.170550                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91213.170550                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78513.688761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91169.063005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91167.659584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78513.688761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91169.063005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91167.659584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      12499672                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6241515                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6049963                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1099744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5141771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            208194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           208194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6049963                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18757829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     18757829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               18757829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    470905664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    470905664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               470905664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           6258157                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6258157    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             6258157                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         16908712000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        34882100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     27418604                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13708662                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1984                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1984                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1703023366500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13196359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4957440                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       901102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        14093445                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           513583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          513583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        901358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12295001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2703818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     38424728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              41128546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    115357440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1066641920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1181999360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6243325                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  70383616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         19953267                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               19951282     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1985      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           19953267                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        18468100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1352037000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       19212876000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
