
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.070387                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2070386571500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2070386571500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 214671                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   376238                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              888903075                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 600148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2329.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           38368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       322910336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          322948704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        38368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         38368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     39839264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        39839264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10090948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10092147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1244977                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1244977                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              18532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          155966205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             155984737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         18532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            18532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        19242428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             19242428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        19242428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             18532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         155966205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            175227164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10092147                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1244977                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10092147                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1244977                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              645440256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  457152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                74325888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               322948704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             39839264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 83619                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            646855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            626685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            627705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            643105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            617944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            620651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            627750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            616086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            625322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            620879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           621279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           629868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           639382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           643067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           637409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           641017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             73997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             73864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             78573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             71573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             69024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             71741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             68706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            68855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            72419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            74861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            74791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            74722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2070368488500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              10092147                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1244977                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10085004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  18582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  19669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  70177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  70193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  70193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  70194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  70193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  70194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  70194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  70193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  70193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  70194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  70196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  70194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  70198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  70199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  70193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  70194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5635599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.717771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.079999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   120.828738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1830017     32.47%     32.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3571848     63.38%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        92909      1.65%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26205      0.46%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14803      0.26%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12822      0.23%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12289      0.22%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9383      0.17%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        65323      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5635599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        70193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     143.675153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     77.003703                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    183.790988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         65253     92.96%     92.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023         4764      6.79%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535          135      0.19%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047           28      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         70193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        70193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.544983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.522288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.881824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            50524     71.98%     71.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1087      1.55%     73.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            18579     26.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         70193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 235463457000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            424557282000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                50425020000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23347.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42097.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       311.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        35.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    155.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     19.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5060997                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  549750                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                47.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     182618.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              20041223160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              10652162730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             35891216340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3040556040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         154918168080.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         125066840130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4969067520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    606526724610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     86453395200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      63855395985                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1111437684045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.826164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1783120138500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5755202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   65635354000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 227884239500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 225138486500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  215870698250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1330102591250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              20196953700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              10734935475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             36115712220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3021649200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         155347801440.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         125543797890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5163158880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    605125962720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     87254784000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      64091710020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1112624473215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            537.399384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1781561055500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5908287000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   65821252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 227306567250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 227227363500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  217093011000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1327030090750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4140773143                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4140773143                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          20914815                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.855609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           272896010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          20915839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.047337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         816510500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.855609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          660                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         314727688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        314727688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    201939647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       201939647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     70956363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       70956363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     272896010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        272896010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    272896010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       272896010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      19393643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1522196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1522196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      20915839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1050618238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1050618238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  53900853500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  53900853500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1104519091500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1104519091500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1104519091500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1104519091500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021002                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021002                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54173.330818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54173.330818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35409.929799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35409.929799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52807.783207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52807.783207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52807.783207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52807.783207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6531181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           6531181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     19393643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1522196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1522196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20915839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1031224595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1031224595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  52378657500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52378657500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1083603252500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1083603252500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1083603252500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1083603252500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021002                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021002                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53173.330818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53173.330818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34409.929799                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34409.929799                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51807.783207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51807.783207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51807.783207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51807.783207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1300405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           454.866741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           676017079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1300865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            519.667359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   454.866741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.888412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         678618809                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        678618809                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    676017079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       676017079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     676017079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        676017079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    676017079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       676017079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1300865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1300865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17004385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17004385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17004385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  17004385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17004385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  17004385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13071.598513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13071.598513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13071.598513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13071.598513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13071.598513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13071.598513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1300405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1300405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1300865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1300865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15703520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15703520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15703520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15703520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15703520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15703520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12071.598513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12071.598513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12071.598513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12071.598513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12071.598513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12071.598513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10067542                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32651.333281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    34319681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10100310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.397884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               24640863000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       46.760959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          8.926434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32595.645888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.994740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  98964158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 98964158                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6531181                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          6531181                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1300405                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1300405                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1085144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1085144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         1299666                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1299666                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        9739747                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           9739747                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               1299666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              10824891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 12124557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              1299666                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             10824891                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                12124557                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           437052                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              437052                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1199                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1199                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      9653896                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9653896                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10090948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10092147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10090948                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10092147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  38701351500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   38701351500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    105729500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    105729500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 899865361000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 899865361000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     105729500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  938566712500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     938672442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    105729500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 938566712500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    938672442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6531181                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6531181                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1300405                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1300405                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1522196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1522196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1300865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      19393643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             22216704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          1300865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         20915839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            22216704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.287119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.287119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000922                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000922                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.497787                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.497787                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.482455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.454259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.482455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.454259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88550.908130                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88550.908130                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88181.401168                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88181.401168                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93212.663675                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93212.663675                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88181.401168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93010.757017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93010.183264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88181.401168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93010.757017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93010.183264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1244977                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1244977                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        11933                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         11933                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       437052                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         437052                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1199                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1199                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9653896                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      9653896                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10090948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10092147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10090948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10092147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34330831500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34330831500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     93739500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93739500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 803326401000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 803326401000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     93739500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 837657232500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 837750972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     93739500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 837657232500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 837750972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.287119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.497787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.482455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.454259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.482455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.454259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78550.908130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78550.908130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78181.401168                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78181.401168                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83212.663675                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83212.663675                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78181.401168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83010.757017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83010.183264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78181.401168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83010.757017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83010.183264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      20151066                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10058919                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9655095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1244977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8813942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            437052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           437052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       9655095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     30243213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     30243213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               30243213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    362787968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    362787968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               362787968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10092147                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                10092147    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10092147                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         22654563000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        34795970000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     44431924                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     22215220                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          20556                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        20556                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2070386571500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          20694508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7776158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1300405                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        23206199                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1522196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1522196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1300865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     19393643                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3902135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     62746493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              66648628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     83240640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    878304640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              961545280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10067542                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  39839264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         32284246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               32263690     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  20556      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           32284246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        26131755000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1300865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       20915839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
