
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.044733                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2044733402500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2044733402500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 314243                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   550752                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1285087707                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 600696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1591.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           41248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       335286176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          335327424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        41248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         41248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     41352064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        41352064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10477693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10478982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1292252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1292252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              20173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          163975497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             163995670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         20173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        20223695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             20223695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        20223695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             20173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         163975497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            184219365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10478982                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1292252                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10478982                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1292252                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              669742784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  912064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                75157312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               335327424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             41352064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  14251                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                117887                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            669186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            647435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            650360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            679135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            641180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            641354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            658157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            639377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            644379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            642928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           646346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           653008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           663357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           666720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           658129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           663680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             74526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             83352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             72992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             69362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             74015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            69484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            72936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            75031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            75007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2044716104500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              10478982                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1292252                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10464731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  15943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  17321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  71170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  71313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  71314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  71313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  71313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  71315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  71315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  71314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  71318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  71346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  71331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  71328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  71389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  71342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  71353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  71312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6018171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.775163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.275208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   120.054163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2222499     36.93%     36.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3563593     59.21%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        92439      1.54%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23562      0.39%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14339      0.24%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10342      0.17%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11161      0.19%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9128      0.15%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        71108      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6018171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        71312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     146.744924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     76.823840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    220.143149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         59340     83.21%     83.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         6247      8.76%     91.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         4992      7.00%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          289      0.41%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279          156      0.22%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           94      0.13%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           58      0.08%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           45      0.06%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           27      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           24      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            9      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           10      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            9      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         71312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        71312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.467537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.447130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.836904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            53991     75.71%     75.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1378      1.93%     77.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            15866     22.25%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               77      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         71312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 246982038500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            443195744750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                52323655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23601.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42351.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       327.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        36.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    164.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     20.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5123386                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  497507                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                42.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     173704.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              21466602780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11409769965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             37314953760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3096336960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         154665551040.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         129679231680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4855006080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    621676034700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     73347844800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      54635479995                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1112168371980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            543.918519                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1747653175250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5429586000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   65518612000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 193323300750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 191009574750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  226127906500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1363324422500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              21503138160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11429188980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             37403225580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3033681300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         155115467520.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         129816353160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5036568480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    620528166420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     74630539200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      54564299385                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1113078570705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            544.363665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1746886221250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5527572500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   65712190000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 191734658500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 194349603000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  226599404000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1360809974500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4089466805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4089466805                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16318885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.555646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           277490916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16320933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.002148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1178985500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.555646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         603944631                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        603944631                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    205855337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       205855337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71635579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71635579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     277490916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        277490916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    277490916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       277490916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     15477953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      15477953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       842980                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       842980                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16320933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16320933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16320933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16320933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1031514161500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1031514161500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  47508862500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47508862500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1079023024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1079023024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1079023024000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1079023024000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66644.094442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66644.094442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56358.232105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56358.232105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66112.827251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66112.827251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66112.827251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66112.827251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3693430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3693430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     15477953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15477953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       842980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       842980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16320933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16320933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16320933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16320933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1016036208500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016036208500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  46665882500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46665882500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1062702091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1062702091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1062702091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1062702091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011631                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011631                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65644.094442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65644.094442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55358.232105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55358.232105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65112.827251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65112.827251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65112.827251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65112.827251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            901335                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           500.084114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           676416104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            901840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            750.040034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   500.084114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.976727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1355537728                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1355537728                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    676416104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       676416104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     676416104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        676416104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    676416104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       676416104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        901840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         901840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        901840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11831773500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11831773500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11831773500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11831773500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11831773500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11831773500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13119.592722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13119.592722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13119.592722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13119.592722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13119.592722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13119.592722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       901335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            901335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       901840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       901840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       901840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10929933500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10929933500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10929933500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10929933500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10929933500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10929933500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12119.592722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12119.592722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12119.592722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12119.592722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12119.592722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12119.592722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10630170                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32633.597627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    23215421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10662938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.177207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               23042660000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      507.811068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          4.249969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32121.536590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.015497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.980272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          577                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  45105930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 45105930                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3693430                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3693430                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       901334                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           901334                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             393494                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                393494                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          900551                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             900551                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        5449746                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           5449746                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                900551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               5843240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6743791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               900551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              5843240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6743791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           449486                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              449486                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1289                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1289                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     10028207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10028207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10477693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10478982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1289                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10477693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10478982                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  41269725500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   41269725500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    121387000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    121387000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 935596938500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 935596938500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     121387000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  976866664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     976988051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    121387000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 976866664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    976988051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3693430                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3693430                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       901334                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       901334                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         842980                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            842980                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         901840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     15477953                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      15477953                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            901840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16320933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             17222773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           901840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16320933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            17222773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.533211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.533211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.647903                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.647903                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.641979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.608438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.641979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.608438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91815.374672                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91815.374672                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94171.450737                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94171.450737                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93296.532321                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93296.532321                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94171.450737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93232.991652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93233.107090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94171.450737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93232.991652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93233.107090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1292252                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1292252                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       564633                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        564633                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       449486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         449486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1289                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1289                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10028207                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     10028207                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10477693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10478982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10477693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10478982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36774865500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36774865500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    108497000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108497000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 835314868500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 835314868500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    108497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 872089734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 872198231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    108497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 872089734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 872198231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.533211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.647903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.641979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.608438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.641979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.608438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81815.374672                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81815.374672                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84171.450737                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84171.450737                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83296.532321                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83296.532321                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84171.450737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83232.991652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83233.107090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84171.450737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83232.991652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83233.107090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      20924611                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10445629                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10029496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1292252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9153377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            449486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           449486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10029496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     31403593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     31403593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               31403593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    376679488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    376679488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               376679488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10478982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                10478982    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10478982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         23521473500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36170688250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     34442993                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17220220                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         749174                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       749174                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2044733402500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          16379793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4985682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       901335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        21963373                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           842980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          842980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        901840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     15477953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2705015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48960751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              51665766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     57701600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    640459616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              698161216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10630170                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  41352064                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         27852943                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.026898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.161784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               27103768     97.31%     97.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 749175      2.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           27852943                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        19518879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         901840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16320933000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
