
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.959963                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                959963488500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               959963488500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 589618                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   760349                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1132023195                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 668872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   848.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     644780824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           96448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          313152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             409600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        96448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         96448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        21568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           21568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             9786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               12800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             100470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             326212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                426683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        100470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           100470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           22468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                22468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           22468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            100470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            326212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               449150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       12800                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        674                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     12800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      674                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 798400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   20800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    1024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  409600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                21568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    325                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   638                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  957108148500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 12800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                  674                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   11990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    216.411478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   142.542387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   264.467735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1037     28.07%     28.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1975     53.47%     81.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          149      4.03%     85.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           99      2.68%     88.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      1.14%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           61      1.65%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           46      1.25%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.68%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          260      7.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           9805                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9805.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    395780500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               629686750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   62375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     31725.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50475.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      19.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     8783                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 70.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                38.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   71033705.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    70.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 15115380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8034015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                48337800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  83520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1089756720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            287671590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             58572000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2970080760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1444102560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     227946758160                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           233868512505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            243.622299                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         956338823250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    106607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     463272000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 948906046000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3760662750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     213534750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6513365500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 11259780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5984715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                40733700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         417340560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            152096520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             12930720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1672173090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       375304800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     229209433320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           231897257205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            241.568830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          16399994500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14878000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     176774000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 954951868250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    977262500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     175611000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3667094750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   34                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       1919926977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     644780824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             625781845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               27680885                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1532449                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     25288260                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    625781845                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      27680885                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1467255983                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          569426959                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             21886167                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            23676651                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            187287140                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           260710310                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     254811579                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   219158147                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   35653432                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1919926977                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          27593151                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1477149      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 363712896     56.41%     56.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   612864      0.10%     56.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   6327906      0.98%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                17838430      2.77%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                219158147     33.99%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                35653432      5.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  644780824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            662934                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2045.900995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254148239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            664982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            382.188148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        4120509500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2045.900995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          724                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         510291424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        510291424                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    219016580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       219016580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     35131657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       35131657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254148237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254148237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254148239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254148239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       140890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        140890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       521870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       521870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data         2222                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2222                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       662760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         662760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       664982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        664982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1933434500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1933434500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7398610500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7398610500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   9332045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9332045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   9332045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9332045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    219157470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219157470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     35653527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35653527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    254810997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254810997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    254813221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254813221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999101                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.999101                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13723.007311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13723.007311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14177.114032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14177.114032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14080.579697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14080.579697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14033.530231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14033.530231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1664                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   138.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       656606                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            656606                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       140890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       521870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2222                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2222                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       662760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       662760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       664982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       664982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1792544500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1792544500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6876740500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6876740500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     65972000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65972000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8669285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8669285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8735257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8735257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999101                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999101                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12723.007311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12723.007311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13177.114032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13177.114032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29690.369037                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29690.369037                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13080.579697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13080.579697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13136.080375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13136.080375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7365                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1013.804984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           695984851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          83062.996897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1013.804984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.990044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1391994839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1391994839                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    695984851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       695984851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     695984851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        695984851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    695984851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       695984851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         8379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         8379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         8379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    496165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    496165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    496165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    496165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    496165000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    496165000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59215.300155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59215.300155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59215.300155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59215.300155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59215.300155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59215.300155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    487786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    487786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    487786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    487786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    487786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    487786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58215.300155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58215.300155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58215.300155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58215.300155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58215.300155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58215.300155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3280                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 10864.648281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1329377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     93.466709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       84.406811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1904.555649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       8875.685821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.058122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.270864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.331563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         10943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10941                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.333954                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1357883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1357883                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       656606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           656606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7365                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             7365                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             513813                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                513813                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            5365                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               5365                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         141383                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            141383                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  5365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                655196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   660561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 5365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               655196                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  660561                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             8057                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8057                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3014                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3014                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1729                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1729                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                9786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3014                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               9786                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    698898000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     698898000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    418885000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    418885000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    159327000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    159327000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     418885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     858225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1277110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    418885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    858225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1277110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       656606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       656606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7365                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7365                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         521870                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            521870                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         8379                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           8379                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       143112                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        143112                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              8379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            664982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               673361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             8379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           664982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              673361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.015439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.015439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.359709                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.359709                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012081                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012081                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.359709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.014716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.019009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.359709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.014716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.019009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86744.197592                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86744.197592                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 138979.761115                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 138979.761115                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92149.797571                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92149.797571                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 138979.761115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87699.264255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99774.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 138979.761115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87699.264255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99774.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  674                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       674                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           60                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            60                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8057                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8057                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3014                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3014                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1729                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1729                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           9786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          9786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    618328000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    618328000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    388745000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388745000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    142037000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142037000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    388745000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    760365000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1149110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    388745000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    760365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1149110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.359709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.359709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.019009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.359709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.019009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76744.197592                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76744.197592                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 128979.761115                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128979.761115                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82149.797571                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82149.797571                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 128979.761115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77699.264255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89774.218750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 128979.761115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77699.264255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89774.218750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         14525                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1725                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        27325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        27325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  27325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       431168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       431168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  431168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             12800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   12800    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               12800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15987000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42559250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1343660                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       670299                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1615                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1615                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 959963488500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            151491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       657280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8934                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           521870                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          521870                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          8379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       143112                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1992898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2017021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       503808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     42290816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               42794624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3280                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     21568                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           676641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048796                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 675026     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1615      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             676641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1003815500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           8379000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         664982000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
