
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.707484                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1707483635500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1707483635500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 510986                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   841458                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1745001743                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 666748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   978.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          147776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       536211520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          536359296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       147776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        147776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    534124224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       534124224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          8378305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8380614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8345691                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8345691                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              86546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          314036111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             314122657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         86546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            86546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       312813671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            312813671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       312813671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             86546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         314036111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            626936328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8380614                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8345691                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8380614                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8345691                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              536355136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534122752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               536359296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            534124224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     65                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            523497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            523280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            523497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            524103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            524197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            523985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            523650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            523866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            523244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            523695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           523810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           524123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           524078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           523944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           523801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           523779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            521706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            521606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            521801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            521596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           521555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           521747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           521821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           521838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           521688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1707470980500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8380614                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8345691                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8380548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 520896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 520965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 520966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 520965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 520964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 520966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 520965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 520965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 520964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 520963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 520967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 520965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 520969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 520964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 520963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1421689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    752.962067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   562.841975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   370.693795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       187479     13.19%     13.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        57987      4.08%     17.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41235      2.90%     20.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        80258      5.65%     25.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       104354      7.34%     33.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        42911      3.02%     36.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        27013      1.90%     38.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        50572      3.56%     41.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       829880     58.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1421689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       520963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.086628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.047199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     10.451833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        520957    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        520963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       520963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.019694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.018545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.199748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515894     99.03%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               50      0.01%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4848      0.93%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              170      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        520963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 163998716000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            321134009750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41902745000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19568.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38318.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       314.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       312.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    314.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    312.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7614039                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7690489                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     102082.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5080374180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2700282915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             29917135500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21780904140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         85066176000.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          96848371110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           5867642880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    202034039310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     88281239040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     207135245550                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           744740826945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            436.162788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1479759238000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7728127000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   36132950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 806794220250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 229902651500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  183848190750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 443077496000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               5070485280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2695026840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             29919984360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21783482820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         84213670320.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          96681882090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5812758240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    200583757530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     86921555520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     208597117365                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           742304467245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            434.735917                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1480290082000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7596005500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   35769186000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 814033876250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 226361810250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  183826439250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 439896318250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3414967271                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3414967271                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8399560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2046.050281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           263272935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8401608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.336017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7977223500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2046.050281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          832                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1095099780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1095099780                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157117145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157117145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    106155790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      106155790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     263272935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        263272935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    263272935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       263272935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        97238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         97238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      8304370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8304370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8401608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8401608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8401608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8401608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26678496500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26678496500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 740751876500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 740751876500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 767430373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 767430373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 767430373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 767430373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072552                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072552                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 274362.867398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 274362.867398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89200.249567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89200.249567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91343.272978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91343.272978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91343.272978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91343.272978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8374733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8374733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        97238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        97238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8304370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8304370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8401608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8401608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8401608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8401608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26581258500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26581258500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 732447506500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 732447506500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 759028765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 759028765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 759028765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 759028765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 273362.867398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 273362.867398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88200.249567                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88200.249567                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90343.272978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90343.272978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90343.272978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90343.272978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             89716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           772.398704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           675262921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             90736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           7442.061817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   772.398704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.754296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.754296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          962                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2701505364                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2701505364                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    675262921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       675262921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     675262921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        675262921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    675262921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       675262921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        90736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         90736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        90736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          90736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        90736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         90736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1517824500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1517824500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1517824500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1517824500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1517824500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1517824500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16727.919459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16727.919459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16727.919459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16727.919459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16727.919459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16727.919459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        89716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             89716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        90736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        90736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        90736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        90736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        90736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        90736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1427088500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427088500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1427088500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427088500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1427088500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427088500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15727.919459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15727.919459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15727.919459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15727.919459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15727.919459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15727.919459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8380375                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16310.967784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8580098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8396759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.021834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                9587415000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      592.343406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        109.744944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      15608.879434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.036154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.006698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.952690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  25378378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 25378378                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8374733                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8374733                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        89716                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            89716                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               8752                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  8752                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           88427                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              88427                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          14551                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             14551                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 88427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 23303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   111730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                88427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                23303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  111730                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          8295618                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8295618                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2309                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2309                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        82687                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           82687                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8378305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8380614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2309                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8378305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8380614                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 719899050500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  719899050500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    362200000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    362200000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26282607500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  26282607500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     362200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  746181658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     746543858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    362200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 746181658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    746543858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8374733                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8374733                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        89716                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        89716                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        8304370                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8304370                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        90736                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          90736                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        97238                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         97238                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             90736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8401608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8492344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            90736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8401608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8492344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.998946                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998946                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025447                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.025447                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.850357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.850357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.025447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.997226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.986843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.025447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.997226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.986843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86780.641358                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86780.641358                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 156864.443482                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156864.443482                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 317856.585679                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 317856.585679                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 156864.443482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89061.171442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89079.852383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 156864.443482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89061.171442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89079.852383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8345691                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8345691                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         4762                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          4762                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8295618                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8295618                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2309                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2309                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        82687                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        82687                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8378305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8380614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8378305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8380614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 636942870500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 636942870500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    339110000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339110000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25455737500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25455737500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    339110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 662398608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 662737718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    339110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 662398608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 662737718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.850357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.850357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.997226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.986843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.997226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76780.641358                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76780.641358                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 146864.443482                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146864.443482                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 307856.585679                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 307856.585679                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 146864.443482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79061.171442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79079.852383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 146864.443482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79061.171442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79079.852383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      16743559                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8362945                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8345691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            17254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8295618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8295618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         84996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25124173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     25124173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               25124173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1070483520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1070483520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1070483520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8380614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8380614    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8380614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         50126676000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        44092047500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     16981620                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8489276                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          22192                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        22191                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707483635500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            187974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16720424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        89716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           59511                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8304370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8304370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         90736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        97238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       271188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25202776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25473964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11548928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1073685824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1085234752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8380375                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 534124224                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16872719                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16850526     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  22192      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16872719                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16955259000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         136104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12602412000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
