
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.449513                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2449513093500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2449513093500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 453177                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   746262                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2220127247                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 669952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1103.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          284800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       534219808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          534504608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       284800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        284800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    532146880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       532146880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             8900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16694369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16703269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16629590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16629590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             116268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          218092244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             218208512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        116268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           116268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       217245983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            217245983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       217245983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            116268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         218092244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            435454495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16703269                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16629590                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16703269                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16629590                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1068950208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   59008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534750784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               534504608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            532146880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    922                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8274089                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1042100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1044416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1057276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1043136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1042605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1042787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1042255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1046732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1044454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1043110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            522036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            523626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            522584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            522275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            522000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           522126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           522108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           522048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2449499774500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16703269                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16629590                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16702346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2045971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    783.833687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   605.872454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.614982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       224522     10.97%     10.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        85234      4.17%     15.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        83813      4.10%     19.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        86433      4.22%     23.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        70005      3.42%     26.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        90813      4.44%     31.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        71604      3.50%     34.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        74788      3.66%     38.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1258759     61.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2045971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.018902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.942966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.089787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        521632    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521640                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.017715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.016719                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.185828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           516709     99.05%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              778      0.15%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3997      0.77%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              155      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521640                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 251155674500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            564324680750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83511735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15037.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33787.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       436.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       218.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    218.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    217.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15319648                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7692209                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      73486.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7323919260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3892755405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             59661504420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21812469480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         123378531120.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         151063186950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           9214717920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    318632301660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    109001919360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     283938348255                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1087941802050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            444.146145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2094184720000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10843623500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   52388916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1111574265250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 283859793000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  292085514500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 698760981250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7284313680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3871704540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             59593253160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21803141340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         119011513920.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         150055259370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           8930258400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    309999897900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    102355987200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     292114087050                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1075038009510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            438.878246                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2097150109250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10236036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   50528146000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1150771015500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 266552336250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  291595422500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 679830137250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4899026187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4899026187                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          17140175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2046.991414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254532333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          17142223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.848269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7650344500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2046.991414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          742                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1075                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         288816779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        288816779                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    156805593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       156805593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97726740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97726740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254532333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254532333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254532333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254532333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       408802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        408802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16733421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16733421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     17142223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       17142223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     17142223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      17142223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  33089586500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33089586500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1424745789500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1424745789500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1457835376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1457835376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1457835376000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1457835376000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.146194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.146194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80942.819507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80942.819507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85143.724616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85143.724616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85043.542836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85043.542836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85043.542836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85043.542836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16930676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16930676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       408802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       408802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16733421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16733421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17142223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17142223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17142223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17142223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32680784500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32680784500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1408012368500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1408012368500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1440693153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1440693153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1440693153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1440693153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.146194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79942.819507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79942.819507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84143.724616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84143.724616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84043.542836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84043.542836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84043.542836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84043.542836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           4990286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           786.860906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           670362355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           4991302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            134.306110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   786.860906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.768419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.768419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         680344959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        680344959                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    670362355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       670362355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     670362355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        670362355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    670362355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       670362355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       4991302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        4991302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       4991302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  66783706500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66783706500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  66783706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  66783706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  66783706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  66783706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13380.017178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13380.017178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13380.017178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13380.017178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13380.017178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13380.017178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4990286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           4990286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4991302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4991302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4991302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  61792404500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61792404500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  61792404500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61792404500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  61792404500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61792404500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12380.017178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12380.017178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12380.017178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12380.017178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12380.017178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12380.017178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16736679                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32654.877197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    27472593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16769447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.638253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11069879000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      559.182374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        377.408594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      31718.286229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.017065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.967965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          932                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  61033433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 61033433                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16930676                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16930676                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4990286                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4990286                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             142151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                142151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         4982402                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4982402                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         305703                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            305703                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               4982402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                447854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5430256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              4982402                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               447854                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5430256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16591270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16591270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          8900                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             8900                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       103099                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          103099                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                8900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16694369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16703269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               8900                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16694369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16703269                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1381419651500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1381419651500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1990230500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1990230500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  28857699500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  28857699500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    1990230500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1410277351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1412267581500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1990230500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1410277351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1412267581500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16930676                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16930676                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4990286                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4990286                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16733421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16733421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      4991302                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4991302                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       408802                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        408802                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           4991302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          17142223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             22133525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          4991302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         17142223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            22133525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.991505                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.991505                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001783                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001783                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.252198                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.252198                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.973874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.754659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.973874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.754659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83261.838997                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83261.838997                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 223621.404494                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223621.404494                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 279902.807011                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 279902.807011                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 223621.404494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84476.229740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84550.370439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 223621.404494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84476.229740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84550.370439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16629590                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16629590                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        21946                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         21946                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16591270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16591270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8900                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         8900                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       103099                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       103099                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           8900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16694369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16703269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          8900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16694369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16703269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1215506951500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1215506951500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1901230500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1901230500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27826709500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27826709500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1901230500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1243333661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1245234891500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1901230500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1243333661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1245234891500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.252198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.973874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.754659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.973874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.754659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73261.838997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73261.838997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 213621.404494                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213621.404494                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 269902.807011                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 269902.807011                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 213621.404494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74476.229740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74550.370439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 213621.404494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74476.229740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74550.370439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      33373176                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16669907                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             111999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16629590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            40317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16591270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16591270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        111999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     50076445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     50076445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               50076445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1066651488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1066651488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1066651488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16703269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16703269    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16703269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66632407500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54546524250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     44263986                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     22130461                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          88718                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        88718                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2449513093500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5400104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33560266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4990286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          316588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16733421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16733421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4991302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       408802                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14972890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     51424621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              66397511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    319410816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1090332768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1409743584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16736679                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 532146880                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         38870204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               38781486     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  88718      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           38870204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        33092474000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4991302000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       17142223000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
