
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.070639                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1070638971500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1070638971500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 442831                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   646932                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              948223960                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 655908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1129.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           65472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        41469760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           41535232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        65472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         65472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     25078336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        25078336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           647965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              648988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        391849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             391849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              61152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           38733654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              38794807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         61152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            61152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        23423709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             23423709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        23423709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             61152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          38733654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             62218516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      648988                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     391849                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    648988                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   391849                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               41474624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   60608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                25076160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                41535232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             25078336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    947                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             43040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             41369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             40454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             39240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             38331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             38989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             40141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             39669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             37578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             37078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            40430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            41507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            42138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            42274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            42747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            43056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             26064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             24987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             24659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             23177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            25182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            25286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            25847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            26236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            26164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1070605620500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                648988                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               391849                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  639465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  13854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  14705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  22727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  22703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  22702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  22703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  22703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  22703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  22702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  22703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  22703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  22702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  22705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  22703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  22702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       561690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    118.483121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.712621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.572048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       403503     71.84%     71.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       106316     18.93%     90.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23267      4.14%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7109      1.27%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10166      1.81%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1466      0.26%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1034      0.18%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          778      0.14%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8051      1.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       561690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      28.533853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.626095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    179.728930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        22689     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            4      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            4      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.259812                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.233190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.948953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             7997     35.23%     35.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              850      3.74%     38.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            13813     60.85%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               41      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  21542237000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             33693005750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3240205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     33242.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                51992.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        38.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        23.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     38.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     23.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   299735                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  178431                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1028600.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    45.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1983898980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1054467315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2293603620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1004432400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         38938058640.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          20728296810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1602060960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    117860247480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     47934938400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     157650234975                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           391062516990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            365.260864                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1020966228250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2531639750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   16526070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 637686811500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 124831385500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   30597802500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 258465262250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2026567620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1077146235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2333409120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1040841900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         39070206240.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          21104301870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1633471680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    117650513700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     48037838400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     157552466190                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           391540200465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            365.707028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1020036414250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2602914250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   16583134000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 636969800750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 125098290000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   31379371000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 258005461500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2141277943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2141277943                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349067     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038710      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2379693                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2041.862873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293603728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2381741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            123.272735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3769448500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2041.862873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          668                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         298367210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        298367210                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224200187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224200187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69403541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69403541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293603728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293603728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293603728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293603728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1730187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1730187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       635170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       635170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2365357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2365357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2381741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2381741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  52179849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52179849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37195189000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37195189000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  89375038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89375038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  89375038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89375038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30158.502520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30158.502520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58559.423461                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58559.423461                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37785.010043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37785.010043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37525.086901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37525.086901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       298432                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5039                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.224449                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1182551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1182551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1730187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1730187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       635170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       635170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2365357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2365357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2381741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2381741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  50449662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50449662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36560019000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36560019000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1405206986                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1405206986                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  87009681000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  87009681000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  88414887986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  88414887986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29158.502520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29158.502520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57559.423461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57559.423461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85767.027954                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85767.027954                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36785.010043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36785.010043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37121.957419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37121.957419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               738                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           415.307157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          573786.864775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   415.307157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.811147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.811147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687399060                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687399060                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    105463500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105463500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    105463500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105463500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    105463500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105463500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88032.971619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88032.971619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88032.971619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88032.971619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88032.971619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88032.971619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          738                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               738                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104265500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104265500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104265500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104265500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104265500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104265500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87032.971619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87032.971619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87032.971619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87032.971619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87032.971619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87032.971619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    647244                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16328.864777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4090434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    663628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.163745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                4226898000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      237.714304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         19.394289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16071.756184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.014509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.980942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  10190366                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 10190366                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1182551                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1182551                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          738                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              738                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             312395                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                312395                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             175                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                175                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1421381                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1421381                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1733776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1733951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  175                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1733776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1733951                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           322775                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              322775                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1023                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1023                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       325190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          325190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              647965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 648988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             647965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                648988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  32327094500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   32327094500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    100627500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    100627500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  34308953500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  34308953500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     100627500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   66636048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      66736675500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    100627500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  66636048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     66736675500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1182551                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1182551                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          738                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          738                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         635170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            635170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1198                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1746571                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1746571                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2381741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2382939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2381741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2382939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.508171                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.508171                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.853923                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.853923                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.186188                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.186188                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.853923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.272055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.272348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.853923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.272055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.272348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100153.650376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100153.650376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 98365.102639                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98365.102639                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105504.331314                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105504.331314                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 98365.102639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102838.961981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102831.909835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 98365.102639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102838.961981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102831.909835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               391849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    391849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         9307                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          9307                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       322775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         322775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1023                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1023                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       325190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       325190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         647965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            648988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        647965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           648988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29099344500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29099344500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     90397500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90397500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31057053500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31057053500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     90397500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  60156398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60246795500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     90397500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  60156398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60246795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.508171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.508171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.853923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.853923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.186188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.186188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.853923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.272055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.272348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.853923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.272055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.272348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90153.650376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90153.650376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88365.102639                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88365.102639                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95504.331314                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95504.331314                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88365.102639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92838.961981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92831.909835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88365.102639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92838.961981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92831.909835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1281173                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       632185                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             326213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       391849                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           240336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            322775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           322775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        326213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1930161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1930161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1930161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     66613568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     66613568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66613568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            648988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  648988    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              648988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2856692500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3513328000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4763370                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2380431                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          24366                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        24366                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1070638971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1747769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1574400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1452537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           635170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          635170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1746571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7143175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7146309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       123904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    228114688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              228238592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          647244                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  25078336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3030183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.008041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.089313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3005816     99.20%     99.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  24367      0.80%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3030183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3564974000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1797000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3572611500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
