
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.736973                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1736973353500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1736973353500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 343791                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   602538                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1194312374                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 598024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1454.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           44928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       406694784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          406739712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        44928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         44928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     70996992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        70996992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6354606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6355308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1109328                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1109328                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              25866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          234139910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             234165775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         25866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        40873967                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             40873967                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        40873967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             25866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         234139910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            275039743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6355308                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1109328                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6355308                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1109328                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              406158144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  581568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                70994368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               406739712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             70996992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   9087                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            410163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            392472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            391912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            406299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            385144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            388077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            392848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            383511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            393409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            390052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           391129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           394603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           405624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           408733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           405125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           407120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             71675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             70878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             70795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             73559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             67929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             65982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             68387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             65707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             67048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             65791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            66083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            69186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            71735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            71750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            71315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            71467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1736955738500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6355308                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1109328                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6346221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  29164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  30553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5564415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     85.750706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.778983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.261175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5017646     90.17%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       393338      7.07%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        39577      0.71%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18511      0.33%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13682      0.25%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13878      0.25%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11368      0.20%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7678      0.14%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48737      0.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5564415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      96.745476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     57.599555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    114.876544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         58025     88.46%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         7108     10.84%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767          409      0.62%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           50      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65597                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.910636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.882081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.985768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            35045     53.42%     53.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1388      2.12%     55.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            29145     44.43%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               19      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65597                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 200200318250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            319191962000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                31731105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     31546.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50296.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       233.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        40.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    234.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     40.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1342808                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  548285                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 21.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                49.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     232691.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    25.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              19746826680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              10495687290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             22494041640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2896640640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         128990194320.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          97997110350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4253195520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    498045607680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     78826023360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      59669058765                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           923428269165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            531.630648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1510956672250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5171262500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   54658124000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 213479115000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 205276542750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  166181409250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1092206900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              19983096420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              10621267635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             22817976300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2893837500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         129298128960.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          98733688860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4416801600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    496575638670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     79736219040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      59591580870                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           924685946505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            532.354706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1508908230000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5269171750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   54790754000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 212282547750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 207645062000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  168001435000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1088984383000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3473946707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3473946707                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          14840805                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.946635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           278936409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          14841317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.794586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         673707500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.946635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         602396769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        602396769                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    207240001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       207240001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71696408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71696408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     278936409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        278936409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    278936409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       278936409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     14059168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      14059168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       782149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       782149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     14841317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       14841317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     14841317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      14841317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 741293544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 741293544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  28561007000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  28561007000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 769854551000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 769854551000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 769854551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 769854551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52726.700755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52726.700755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36516.069189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36516.069189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51872.387808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51872.387808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51872.387808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51872.387808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4733255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           4733255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14059168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14059168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       782149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       782149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14841317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     14841317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14841317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     14841317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 727234376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 727234376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27778858000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27778858000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 755013234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 755013234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 755013234000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 755013234000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010791                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010791                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51726.700755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51726.700755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35516.069189                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35516.069189                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50872.387808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50872.387808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50872.387808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50872.387808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            901102                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           254.402536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           676416586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            901358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            750.441651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      359175316500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   254.402536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.993760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1355537246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1355537246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    676416586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       676416586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     676416586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        676416586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    676416586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       676416586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        901358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         901358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        901358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11772874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11772874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11772874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11772874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11772874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11772874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13061.263116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13061.263116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13061.263116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13061.263116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13061.263116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13061.263116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       901102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            901102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       901358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       901358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       901358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10871516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10871516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10871516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10871516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10871516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10871516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12061.263116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.263116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12061.263116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.263116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12061.263116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.263116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6346725                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16332.353720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    25108054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6363109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.945878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               12762797000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       28.745130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          4.324365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16299.284224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.994829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  69332271                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 69332271                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4733255                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          4733255                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       901101                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           901101                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             572847                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                572847                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          900656                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             900656                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        7913864                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           7913864                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                900656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               8486711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  9387367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               900656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              8486711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 9387367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           209302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              209302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           702                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              702                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6145304                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6145304                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6354606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6355308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                702                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6354606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6355308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  20587745500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   20587745500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62582500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     62582500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 623050045000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 623050045000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      62582500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  643637790500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     643700373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62582500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 643637790500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    643700373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4733255                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4733255                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       901101                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       901101                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         782149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            782149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         901358                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     14059168                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      14059168                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            901358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          14841317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             15742675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           901358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         14841317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            15742675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.267599                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.267599                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000779                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000779                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.437103                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.437103                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.428170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.403699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.428170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.403699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98363.825955                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98363.825955                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89148.860399                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89148.860399                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101386.366728                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101386.366728                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89148.860399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101286.813140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101285.472396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89148.860399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101286.813140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101285.472396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1109328                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1109328                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        13418                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         13418                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       209302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         209302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          702                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          702                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6145304                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6145304                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6354606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6355308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6354606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6355308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18494725500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18494725500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55562500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55562500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 561597005000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 561597005000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55562500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 580091730500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 580147293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55562500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 580091730500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 580147293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.267599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.437103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.403699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.403699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88363.825955                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88363.825955                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79148.860399                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79148.860399                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91386.366728                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91386.366728                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79148.860399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91286.813140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91285.472396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79148.860399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91286.813140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91285.472396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      12693974                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6338666                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6146006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1109328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5229338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            209302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           209302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6146006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19049282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19049282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19049282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    477736704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    477736704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               477736704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           6355308                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6355308    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             6355308                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17141349500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35422513000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     31484582                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15741907                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          21477                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        21477                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736973353500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14960526                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5842583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       901102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        15344947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           782149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          782149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        901358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     14059168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2703818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     44523439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              47227257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    115357440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1252772608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1368130048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6346725                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  70996992                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         22089400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000972                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031167                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               22067922     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  21478      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           22089400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21376648000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1352037000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       22261975500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
