
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.955703                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                955703201500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               955703201500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 562779                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   725739                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1075700194                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 664792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   888.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     644780824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           89280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          425536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             514816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        89280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         89280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks          960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total             960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             6649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                8044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              93418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             445260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                538678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         93418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            93418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks            1004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 1004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks            1004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             93418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            445260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               539682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        8044                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      8044                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 514560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  514816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                  960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  953305333500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  8044                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   15                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    7780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    155.597218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.680874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   206.191701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1931     58.39%     58.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1017     30.75%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           92      2.78%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           65      1.97%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           22      0.67%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.70%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.79%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.30%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          121      3.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    595527750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               746277750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   40200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     74070.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                92820.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      13.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4733                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 58.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                  118290772.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    58.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 14230020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7563435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                35635740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1883871600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            412347120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            113554560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4379560230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2693329440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     225553006965                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           235093208700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            245.989768                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         952120690000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    228731500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     801934000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 937884787750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   7013884750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     169428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9604435500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  9381960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  4986630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                21769860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         378003600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            114140790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             11294400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1664002710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       235527840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     228297445065                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           230736594615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            241.431225                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          16009652750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     13063000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     160116000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 951160900250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    613279750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     106940750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3648901750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   34                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       1911406403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     644780824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             625781845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               27680885                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1532449                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     25288260                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    625781845                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      27680885                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1467255983                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          569426959                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             21886167                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            23676651                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            187287140                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           260710310                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     254811579                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   219158147                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   35653432                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1911406403                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          27593151                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1477149      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 363712896     56.41%     56.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   612864      0.10%     56.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   6327906      0.98%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                17838430      2.77%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                219158147     33.99%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                35653432      5.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  644780824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            304402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2042.919185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254505679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            306450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            830.496587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7836922500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2042.919185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1617                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         255118579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        255118579                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    219041974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       219041974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     35462984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       35462984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data          721                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           721                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254504958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254504958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254505679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254505679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       114453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        114453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       190494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       190494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data         1503                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1503                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       304947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         304947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       306450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        306450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2107344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2107344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2778542000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2778542000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   4885886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4885886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   4885886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4885886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    219156427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219156427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     35653478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35653478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    254809905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254809905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    254812129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254812129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005343                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005343                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.675809                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.675809                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 18412.308983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18412.308983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14585.981711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14585.981711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16022.082526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16022.082526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15943.501387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15943.501387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5306                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               140                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.900000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       299983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            299983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       114453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       114453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       190494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       190494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1503                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1503                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       304947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       306450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       306450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1992891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1992891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2588048000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2588048000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     55611500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55611500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4580939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4580939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4636550500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4636550500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005343                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005343                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.675809                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.675809                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17412.308983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17412.308983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13585.981711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13585.981711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37000.332668                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37000.332668                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15022.082526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15022.082526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15129.875999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15129.875999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             16094                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           792.791146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           695976343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             16887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          41213.735003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   792.791146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.774210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.774210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.774414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         696010117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        696010117                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    695976343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       695976343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     695976343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        695976343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    695976343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       695976343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        16887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         16887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        16887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          16887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        16887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         16887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    331630500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    331630500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    331630500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    331630500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    331630500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    331630500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    695993230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695993230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19638.212826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19638.212826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19638.212826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19638.212826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19638.212826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19638.212826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        16094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             16094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    314743500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    314743500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    314743500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    314743500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    314743500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    314743500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18638.212826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18638.212826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18638.212826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18638.212826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18638.212826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18638.212826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      5176                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4906.325876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      631365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     10116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     62.412515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       83.608745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        756.885040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       4065.832091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.010206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.092393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.496317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.598917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.603027                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    653948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   653948                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       299983                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           299983                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        16093                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            16093                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             186989                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                186989                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           15492                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              15492                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         112812                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            112812                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 15492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                299801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   315293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                15492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               299801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  315293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             3505                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3505                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         3144                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3144                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                6649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   8044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               6649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  8044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    338848500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     338848500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    126737500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    126737500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    689995000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    689995000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     126737500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    1028843500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1155581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    126737500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1028843500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1155581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       299983                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       299983                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        16093                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        16093                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         190494                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            190494                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        16887                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          16887                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       115956                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        115956                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             16887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            306450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               323337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            16887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           306450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              323337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.018400                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.018400                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082608                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.082608                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027114                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027114                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.082608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.021697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.024878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.082608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.021697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.024878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 96675.748930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96675.748930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90851.254480                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90851.254480                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 219464.058524                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 219464.058524                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90851.254480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 154736.576929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143657.508702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90851.254480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 154736.576929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143657.508702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   15                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        15                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         2351                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          2351                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1395                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1395                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3144                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3144                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           6649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              8044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          6649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             8044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    303798500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303798500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    112787500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112787500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    658555000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    658555000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    112787500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    962353500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1075141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    112787500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    962353500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1075141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.024878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.024878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86675.748930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86675.748930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80851.254480                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80851.254480                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 209464.058524                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209464.058524                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80851.254480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 144736.576929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133657.508702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80851.254480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 144736.576929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133657.508702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         10683                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         2639                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        18727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        18727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       515776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       515776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  515776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              8044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    8044    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                8044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       643833                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       320496                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           4888                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4888                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 955703201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            132843                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       299998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        16094                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           190494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          190494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         16887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       115956                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        49868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       917302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                967170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2110784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     38811712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               40922496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            5176                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                       960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           328513                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.014882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.121082                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 323624     98.51%     98.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4889      1.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             328513                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          637993500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          25330500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         459675000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
