
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.407737                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2407737309500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2407737309500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 487531                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   802834                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2347694114                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 669532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1025.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          111168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       533383136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          533494304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       111168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        111168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    532018560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       532018560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16668223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16671697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16625580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16625580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              46171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          221528791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             221574962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         46171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            46171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       220962045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            220962045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       220962045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             46171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         221528791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            442537008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16671697                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16625580                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16671697                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16625580                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1066985024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534566720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               533494304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            532018560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8272960                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1041687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1042328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1042159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1042203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1041740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1041716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1041648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1041903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1042692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1042448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            522336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            522133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            521990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           521986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           522076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           522068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2407713002500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16671697                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16625580                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16671640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2017139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    793.971930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   617.990591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   352.678113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       225432     11.18%     11.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        61998      3.07%     14.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73384      3.64%     17.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        82697      4.10%     21.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        98085      4.86%     26.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        72358      3.59%     30.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        54107      2.68%     33.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        87357      4.33%     37.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1261721     62.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2017139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.968261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.881597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     31.813313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       521503    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.016316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.015423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.175760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           516860     99.11%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              790      0.15%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3849      0.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 248079490500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            560672759250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83358205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14880.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33630.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       443.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       222.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    221.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    220.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15304072                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7703035                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      72309.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7205530920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3829830510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             59512264140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21799012320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         114420767760.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         147950127960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           8792823360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    298176530970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     94897584480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     293571277380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1050177926010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            436.167982                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2060320335250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9978814250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   48577962000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1159313212500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 247124215500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  288844291250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 653898814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7196841540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3825211995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             59523252600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21801585780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         114051983760.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         147879415470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           8770981440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    297502000380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     94216959360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     294310648755                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1049102267940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            435.721232                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2060534650250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9931722250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   48421056000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1162774170750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 245351665250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  288839271000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 652419424250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4815474619                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4815474619                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          17140175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2046.973920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254532333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          17142223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.848269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7650344500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2046.973920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1051                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         288816779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        288816779                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    156805593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       156805593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97726740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97726740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254532333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254532333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254532333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254532333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       408802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        408802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16733421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16733421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     17142223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       17142223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     17142223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      17142223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  29861020500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29861020500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1424574977000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1424574977000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1454435997500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1454435997500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1454435997500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1454435997500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.146194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.146194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73045.191804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73045.191804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85133.516751                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85133.516751                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84845.238421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84845.238421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84845.238421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84845.238421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16940439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16940439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       408802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       408802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16733421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16733421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17142223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17142223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17142223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17142223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29452218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29452218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1407841556000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1407841556000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1437293774500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437293774500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1437293774500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437293774500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.146194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72045.191804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72045.191804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84133.516751                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84133.516751                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83845.238421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83845.238421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83845.238421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83845.238421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1917289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1138.649428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           673434613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1919044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            350.921924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1138.649428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.555981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.555981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1599                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.856934                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         677272701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        677272701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    673434613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       673434613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     673434613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        673434613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    673434613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       673434613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1919044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1919044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1919044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1919044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1919044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1919044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  25334795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25334795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  25334795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  25334795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  25334795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  25334795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13201.779115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13201.779115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13201.779115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13201.779115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13201.779115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13201.779115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1917289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1917289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1919044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1919044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1919044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1919044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1919044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1919044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23415751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23415751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23415751000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23415751000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23415751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23415751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12201.779115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12201.779115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12201.779115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12201.779115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12201.779115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12201.779115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16641790                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32656.468444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21443605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16674558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.286007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11070033000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      228.511767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        323.746987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32104.209691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.006974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.009880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.979743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  92912020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 92912020                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16940439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16940439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1917289                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1917289                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             145275                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                145275                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         1915570                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1915570                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         328725                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            328725                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               1915570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                474000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2389570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              1915570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               474000                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2389570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16588146                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16588146                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3474                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3474                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        80077                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           80077                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16668223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16671697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3474                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16668223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16671697                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1381216037000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1381216037000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    423700000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    423700000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25387402500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  25387402500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     423700000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1406603439500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1407027139500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    423700000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1406603439500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1407027139500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16940439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16940439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1917289                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1917289                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16733421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16733421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1919044                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1919044                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       408802                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        408802                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           1919044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          17142223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             19061267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          1919044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         17142223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            19061267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.991318                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.991318                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001810                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001810                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.195882                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.195882                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.972349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.874637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.972349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.874637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83265.244772                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83265.244772                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 121963.154865                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121963.154865                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 317037.382769                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 317037.382769                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 121963.154865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84388.326188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84396.155922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 121963.154865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84388.326188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84396.155922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16625580                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16625580                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          568                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           568                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16588146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16588146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3474                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3474                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        80077                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        80077                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16668223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16671697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16668223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16671697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1215334577000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1215334577000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    388960000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388960000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24586632500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24586632500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    388960000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1239921209500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1240310169500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    388960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1239921209500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1240310169500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.195882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.972349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.874637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.972349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.874637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73265.244772                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73265.244772                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 111963.154865                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111963.154865                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 307037.382769                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 307037.382769                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 111963.154865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74388.326188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74396.155922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 111963.154865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74388.326188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74396.155922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      33309287                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16637590                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              83551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16625580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16588146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16588146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         83551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49980984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     49980984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49980984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1065512864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1065512864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1065512864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16671697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16671697    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16671697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66560471000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54449134750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     38118731                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19057464                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           4768                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4768                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2407737309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2327846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33566019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1917289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          215946                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16733421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16733421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1919044                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       408802                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5755377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     51424621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              57179998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    122762656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1090645184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1213407840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16641790                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 532018560                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         35703057                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.011555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               35698289     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4768      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           35703057                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        28488229500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1919044000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       17142223000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
