
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.073636                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1073635669500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1073635669500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 435203                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   635788                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              934498490                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 656304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1148.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           63616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        47843584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           47907200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        63616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         63616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     24842112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        24842112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           747556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              748550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        388158                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             388158                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              59253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           44562215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              44621468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         59253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            59253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        23138307                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             23138307                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        23138307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             59253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          44562215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             67759776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      748550                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     388158                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    748550                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   388158                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               47818560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   88640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                24840000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                47907200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             24842112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1385                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             48774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             47363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             47809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             45003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             44412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             43978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             45777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             44969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             42926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             43317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            47074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            47498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            49185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            49180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            49553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            50347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             25055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             24624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             25965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             23155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             22861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             23016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            24169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            24648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            24979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            25167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            26049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1073602921500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                748550                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               388158                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  738585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  14157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  14766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  22391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  22436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  22435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  22443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  22439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  22435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  22436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  22438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  22436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  22478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  22643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  22452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  22432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       576441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.046829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    92.410847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   156.031811                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       397515     68.96%     68.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       116985     20.29%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26586      4.61%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9771      1.70%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12058      2.09%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1995      0.35%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1579      0.27%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1683      0.29%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8269      1.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       576441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.313180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     25.425404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    139.857136                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         22390     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           30      0.13%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.305377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.278005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.963124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             7666     34.18%     34.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              601      2.68%     36.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            13810     61.57%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              348      1.55%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  23644467000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             37653810750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3735825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     31645.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50395.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        44.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        23.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     44.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     23.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   355159                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  203690                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                52.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     944484.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2027253060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1077510555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2628126900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1006697880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         41624035440.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          21429920070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1683049440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    130178618940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     49610297760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     150487868085                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           401765866320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            374.210613                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1022210618500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2618053000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   17663518000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 607556628000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 129193190250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   31126249000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 285478031250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2088535680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1110083040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2706631200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1019314620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         42358530240.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          21904048920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1745331360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    132192583980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     50327273760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     148829570265                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           404293979325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            376.565335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1020990980750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2740165250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   17975724000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 600071872000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 131060535250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   31891661500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 289895711500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2147271339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2147271339                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349067     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038710      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1964728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2041.891551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           294018693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1966776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            149.492720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3757488500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2041.891551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1557                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1185908652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1185908652                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224555942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224555942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69462751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69462751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     294018693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        294018693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    294018693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       294018693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1374432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1374432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       575960                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       575960                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1950392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1950392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1966776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1966776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  57190703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57190703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  34776893000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34776893000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  91967596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91967596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  91967596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91967596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41610.427435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41610.427435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60380.743454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60380.743454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47153.390703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47153.390703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46760.584835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46760.584835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       295082                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    57.286352                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       899259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            899259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1374432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       575960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       575960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1950392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1950392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1966776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1966776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55816271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55816271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34200933000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34200933000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1400061487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1400061487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  90017204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90017204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  91417265487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  91417265487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008223                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008223                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40610.427435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40610.427435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59380.743454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59380.743454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85452.971619                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85452.971619                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46153.390703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46153.390703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46480.771317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46480.771317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           645.489801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          690157.495984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   645.489801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.630361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.630361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.842773                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2749592444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2749592444                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96215500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96215500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96215500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96215500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96215500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96215500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96601.907631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96601.907631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96601.907631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96601.907631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96601.907631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96601.907631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95219500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95219500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95219500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95219500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95219500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95219500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95601.907631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95601.907631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95601.907631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95601.907631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95601.907631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95601.907631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    792399                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16327.822934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3059916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    808783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.783358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                4863335000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      562.451547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.988134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      15761.383253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.034329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.961998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4741415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4741415                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       899259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           899259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          133                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              133                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             268084                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                268084                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         951136                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            951136                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1219220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1219222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1219220                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1219222                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           307876                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              307876                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           994                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              994                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       439680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          439680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              747556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 748550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                994                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             747556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                748550                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30522110000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   30522110000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     93703000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     93703000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  45143118000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  45143118000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      93703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   75665228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      75758931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     93703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  75665228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     75758931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       899259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       899259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          133                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          133                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         575960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            575960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            996                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1390816                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1390816                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           1966776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1967772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          1966776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1967772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.534544                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.534544                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997992                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.997992                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.316131                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.316131                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.997992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.380092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.380405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.997992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.380092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.380405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 99137.672310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99137.672310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94268.611670                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94268.611670                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102672.666485                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102672.666485                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94268.611670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101216.802487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101207.575980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94268.611670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101216.802487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101207.575980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               388158                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    388158                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        63933                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         63933                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       307876                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         307876                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       439680                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       439680                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         747556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            748550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        747556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           748550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27443350000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27443350000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     83763000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83763000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40746318000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40746318000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     83763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  68189668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  68273431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     83763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  68189668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  68273431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.534544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.316131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.380092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.380405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.380092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.380405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 89137.672310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89137.672310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84268.611670                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84268.611670                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92672.666485                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92672.666485                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84268.611670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91216.802487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91207.575980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84268.611670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91216.802487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91207.575980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1479890                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       731340                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             440674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       388158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           343182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            307876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           307876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        440674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2228440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2228440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2228440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     72749312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     72749312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                72749312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            748550                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  748550    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              748550                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3040545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4049154000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3932633                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1964861                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         124992                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       124992                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1073635669500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1391812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1287417                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1469710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           575960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          575960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1390816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5898280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               5900405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    183426240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              183498496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          792399                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  24842112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2760171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.045285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.207927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2635178     95.47%     95.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 124993      4.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2760171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2865708500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2950164000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
