
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.110212                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1110212311500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1110212311500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 400322                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   584830                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              888884103                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 659724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1249.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           57856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        36088576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           36146432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        57856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         57856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18119424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18119424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1127768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1129576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        566232                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             566232                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              52113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           32506013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              32558126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         52113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            52113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16320684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16320684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16320684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             52113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          32506013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             48878809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1129576                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     566232                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1129576                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   566232                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               72233152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   59712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                30794304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                36146432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18119424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    933                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 85042                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             73112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             71474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             71667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             68719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             67788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             67533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             70275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             68955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             66425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             66429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            70257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            71185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            73223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            73039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            73481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            75081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             30947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             30535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             31633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             29407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             28874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             28239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             29909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             29532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             28690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             28799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            29947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            29852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            30618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            30818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            31149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            32212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1110209669500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               1129576                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               566232                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1112212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  17970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  27865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  27869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  27868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  27870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  27874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  27910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  28012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  27896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  27868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  27864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       766574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    134.399800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.508255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.228224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       518092     67.59%     67.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       154162     20.11%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        37240      4.86%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        15938      2.08%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17177      2.24%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6299      0.82%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2717      0.35%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1466      0.19%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13483      1.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       766574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      40.504612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     29.463821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    209.227592                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        27825     99.86%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           29      0.10%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         27863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.268815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.241566                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.960578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9883     35.47%     35.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              840      3.01%     38.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            16907     60.68%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              233      0.84%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         27863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  29158661750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             50320718000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5643215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25835.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44585.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        65.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        27.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     32.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   603591                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  239638                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 53.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                49.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     654678.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    52.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2703889440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1437147525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3994994220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1247976720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         46528248000.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          25866539010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1732487040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    160951776090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     46611244320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     142014648075                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           433100770170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            390.106256                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1048945480750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2438763000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   19727834000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 574601578500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 121383069500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   39097562750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 352963503750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2769456060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1472000805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4063516800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1263683700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         47001520800.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          26297689290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1770812640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    161759494590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     47469857280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     140873114355                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           434751897120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            391.593475                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1047870697000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2496162000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   19928712000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 569551396000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 123619599750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   39878525500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 354737916250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2220424623                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2220424623                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349067     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038710      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2684590                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2042.219398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293298836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2686638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            109.169466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3855340500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2042.219398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1186628534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1186628534                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224004516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224004516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69294320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69294320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293298836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293298836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293298836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293298836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1925862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1925862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       744392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       744392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2670254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2670254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2686638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2686638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  81697778500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81697778500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  47640605500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47640605500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 129338384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 129338384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 129338384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 129338384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42421.408439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42421.408439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63999.351820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63999.351820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48436.734483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48436.734483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48141.351384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48141.351384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   187.461538                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1204483                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1204483                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1925862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1925862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       744392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       744392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2670254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2670254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2686638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2686638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  79771916500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79771916500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  46896213500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46896213500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1377940000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1377940000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 126668130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 126668130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 128046070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 128046070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010628                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010628                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41421.408439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41421.408439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62999.351820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62999.351820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84102.783203                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84102.783203                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47436.734483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47436.734483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47660.336078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47660.336078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               191                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1146.019649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          379776.824309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1146.019649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.559580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.559580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1555                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.790527                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2749593258                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2749593258                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89223.756906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89223.756906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89223.756906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89223.756906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89223.756906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89223.756906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    159685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    159685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    159685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88223.756906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88223.756906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88223.756906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88223.756906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88223.756906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88223.756906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1138629                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32633.764163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4155084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1171397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.547119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                6668459000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      588.297839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          8.376685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32037.089639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.017953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.977694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          602                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6544625                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6544625                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1204483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1204483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          191                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              191                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             280859                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                280859                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1278011                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1278011                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1558870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1558872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1558870                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1558872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           463533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              463533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1808                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1808                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       664235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          664235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1127768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1129576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1808                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1127768                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1129576                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  42830606000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   42830606000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    156948000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    156948000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  64817372000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  64817372000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     156948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  107647978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     107804926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    156948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 107647978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    107804926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1204483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1204483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          191                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          191                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         744392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            744392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1810                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1810                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1942246                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1942246                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2686638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2688448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2686638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2688448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.622700                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.622700                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998895                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998895                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.341993                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.341993                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.419769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.420159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.419769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.420159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92400.338271                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92400.338271                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86807.522124                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86807.522124                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97581.988302                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97581.988302                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86807.522124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 95452.236630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95438.399895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86807.522124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 95452.236630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95438.399895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               566232                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    566232                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        46747                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         46747                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       463533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         463533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1808                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1808                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       664235                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       664235                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1127768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1129576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1127768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1129576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  38195276000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38195276000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    138868000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138868000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  58175022000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58175022000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    138868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  96370298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  96509166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    138868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  96370298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96509166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.622700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.341993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.419769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.420159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.419769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.420159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82400.338271                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82400.338271                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76807.522124                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76807.522124                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87581.988302                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87581.988302                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76807.522124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85452.236630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85438.399895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76807.522124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85452.236630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85438.399895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2224842                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1095266                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             666043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       566232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           529034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            463533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           463533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        666043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3354418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3354418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3354418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     54265856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     54265856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                54265856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1129576                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1129576    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1129576                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3357317500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3838670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5373229                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2684781                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          90110                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        90110                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1110212311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1944056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1770715                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          191                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2052504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           744392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          744392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1942246                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8057866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               8061677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        64032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    124515872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              124579904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1138629                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  18119424                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3827077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.023546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.151629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3736966     97.65%     97.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  90111      2.35%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3827077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3288951500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2686638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
