
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.108564                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1108563927500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1108563927500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 522737                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   763667                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1158975265                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 654304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   956.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           64192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        68678848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           68743040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        64192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         64192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     35235904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        35235904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1073107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1074110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        550561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             550561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              57906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           61952988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              62010894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         57906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            57906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        31785180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             31785180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        31785180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             57906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          61952988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             93796074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1074110                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     550561                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1074110                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   550561                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               68512000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  231040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                35218048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                68743040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             35235904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   3610                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   258                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             67246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             65970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             93814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             62979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             62218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             64440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             65736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             63916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             59586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             59071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            63725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            66347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            67077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            66940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            68450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            72985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             35453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             34798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             36079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             33280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             31848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             32288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             33819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             33809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             33003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             32474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            34224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            34742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            34427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            35430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            36815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            37793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1108530576500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1074110                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               550561                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1061560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    7685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  18747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  31358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  32084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  32089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  32120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  32109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  32100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  32096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  32082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  32084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  32113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  32163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  32365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  32896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  32401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  32123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  32148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       914274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    113.456194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.466391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   133.915183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       656172     71.77%     71.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       184153     20.14%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        32702      3.58%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11418      1.25%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        15308      1.67%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2406      0.26%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1735      0.19%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1587      0.17%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8793      0.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       914274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.380360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    213.098162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        32054     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         32067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.160383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.130025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.017837                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            13260     41.35%     41.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1565      4.88%     46.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            16110     50.24%     96.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1104      3.44%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               27      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         32067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  34459853250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             54531728250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5352500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     32190.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50940.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        61.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        31.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     62.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     31.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   476207                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  230301                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 44.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                41.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     682310.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    43.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3260173980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1732823565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3900717660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1416572280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         55379678640.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          29110436370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           2352031200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    168594033420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     65370294720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     126656545680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           457788627315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            412.956451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1038548577000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3807933500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   23508412000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 498607158500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 170235572000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   42681774000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 369723077500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3267742380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1736846265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3742652340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1455899760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         51457660800.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          28231929000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           2043320640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    163340989230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     59222358240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     132439864860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           446954567745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            403.183393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1041260205500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3109702500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   21833872000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 528867800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 154225354500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   42323009500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 358204189000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2217127855                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2217127855                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349067     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038710      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2379693                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2042.073128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293603728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2381741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            123.272735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3769310500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2042.073128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          671                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         298367210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        298367210                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224200187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224200187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69403541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69403541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293603728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293603728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293603728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293603728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1730187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1730187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       635170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       635170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2365357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2365357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2381741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2381741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  79607132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79607132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  47673623500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47673623500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 127280756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 127280756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 127280756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 127280756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46010.710114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46010.710114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75056.478581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75056.478581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53810.378729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53810.378729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53440.217051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53440.217051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       354571                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.847493                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1135528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1135528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1730187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1730187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       635170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       635170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2365357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2365357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2381741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2381741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  77876945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77876945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  47038453500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47038453500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1513709926                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1513709926                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 124915399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 124915399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 126429108926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 126429108926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45010.710114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45010.710114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74056.478581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74056.478581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92389.521851                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92389.521851                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52810.378729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52810.378729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53082.643716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53082.643716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           552.639842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          670631.060488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   552.639842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.539687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.539687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.708008                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687398887                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687398887                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96822500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96822500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96822500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96822500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96822500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96822500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94460.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94460.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94460.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94460.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94460.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94460.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          300                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               300                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95797500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95797500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95797500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95797500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95797500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95797500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93460.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93460.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93460.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93460.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93460.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93460.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1309233                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8166.969529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3261476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1317425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.475645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                4028902000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      706.917699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.130952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       7456.920878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.086294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.910269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7009                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6080183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6080183                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1135528                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1135528                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          300                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              300                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             187153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                187153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              22                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 22                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1121481                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1121481                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1308634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1308656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   22                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1308634                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1308656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           448017                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              448017                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       625090                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          625090                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1073107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1074110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1073107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1074110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  44120570500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   44120570500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     94026500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     94026500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  64993755000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  64993755000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      94026500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  109114325500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     109208352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     94026500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 109114325500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    109208352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1135528                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1135528                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          300                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          300                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         635170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            635170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1025                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1025                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1746571                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1746571                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2381741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2382766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2381741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2382766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.705350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.705350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.978537                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.978537                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.357896                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.357896                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.978537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.450556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.450783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.978537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.450556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.450783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98479.679343                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98479.679343                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93745.264207                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93745.264207                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 103975.035595                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103975.035595                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93745.264207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101680.750848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101673.340719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93745.264207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101680.750848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101673.340719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               550561                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    550561                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       183857                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        183857                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       448017                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         448017                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       625090                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       625090                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1073107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1074110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1073107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1074110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39640400500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39640400500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     83996500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83996500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  58742855000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58742855000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     83996500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  98383255500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  98467252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     83996500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  98383255500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  98467252000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.705350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.978537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.357896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.978537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.450556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.450783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.978537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.450556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.450783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88479.679343                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88479.679343                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83745.264207                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83745.264207                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 93975.035595                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93975.035595                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83745.264207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91680.750848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91673.340719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83745.264207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91680.750848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91673.340719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2139323                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1065213                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             626093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       550561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           514652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            448017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           448017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        626093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3213433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3213433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3213433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    103978944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    103978944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               103978944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1074110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1074110    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1074110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4349271000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5828542000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4762759                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2379993                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         427877                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       427877                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1108563927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1747596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1686089                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          300                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2002837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           635170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          635170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1746571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7143175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7145525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        84800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    225105216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              225190016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1309233                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  35235904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3691999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.115893                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.320097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3264121     88.41%     88.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 427878     11.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3691999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3517207500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1537500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3572611500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
