
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.721922                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1721921626500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1721921626500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 351437                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   615939                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1210294847                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 598320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1422.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           46208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       423182592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          423228800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        46208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         46208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     72316288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        72316288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6612228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6612950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1129942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1129942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              26835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          245761820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             245788655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         26835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            26835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        41997433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             41997433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        41997433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             26835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         245761820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            287786088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6612950                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1129942                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6612950                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1129942                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              422145600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1083200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                72309184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               423228800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             72316288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  16925                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    95                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            424111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            405925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            407595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            429135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            401189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            403199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            414488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            401127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            404852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            404283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           405783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           409609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           421330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           424742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           417668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           420989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             72509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             71959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             71872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             77291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             70300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             67056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             71529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             66687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             67587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             66417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            66901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            70166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            72501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            72759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            72030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            72267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1721904376500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6612950                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1129942                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6596025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  31681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  33132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  66354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  66552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  66560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  66557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  66558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  66561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  66558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  66561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  66579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  66587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  66575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  66568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  66718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  66592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  66584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  66555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5875858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     84.150227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.058682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.267974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5344125     90.95%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       389351      6.63%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33001      0.56%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14936      0.25%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11449      0.19%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13217      0.22%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8735      0.15%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8839      0.15%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        52205      0.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5875858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        66555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      99.106303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     56.206543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    144.633803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         58591     88.03%     88.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         7240     10.88%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767          385      0.58%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          160      0.24%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           84      0.13%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           40      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           16      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           19      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            9      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         66555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        66555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.975900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.946986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.991500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            33415     50.21%     50.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1448      2.18%     52.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            31574     47.44%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              117      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         66555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 207952379000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            331627847750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                32980125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     31526.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50276.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       245.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        41.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    245.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     42.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1335362                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  514636                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 20.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     222385.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    23.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              20930774340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11124970395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             23467530660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2971239660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         129554433840.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         101624005530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4222354560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    506253492540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     74177860800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      52247470755                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           926587432080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            538.112429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1488035356750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5034650250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   54890840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 184660133000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 193172563750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  173959097250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1110204342250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              21022851780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11173910715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             23628087840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2926478160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         130064585040.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         102087543210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4403713920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    504473328960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     75366424320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      52524304170                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           927683020785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.748688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1486550014750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5151279000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   55111212000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 183983244500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 196266162250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  175105767500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1106303961250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3443843253                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3443843253                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12499842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.839125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           281276860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12500866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.500590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         684585500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.839125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          628                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1187611770                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1187611770                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    209214734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       209214734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     72062126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72062126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     281276860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        281276860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    281276860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       281276860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     12084435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12084435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       416431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       416431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     12500866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12500866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     12500866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12500866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 739253465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 739253465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22989584500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  22989584500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 762243049500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 762243049500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 762243049500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 762243049500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005746                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005746                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61174.019720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61174.019720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55206.227442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55206.227442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60975.219597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60975.219597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60975.219597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60975.219597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3207063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3207063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12084435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12084435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       416431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       416431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12500866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12500866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12500866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12500866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 727169030000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 727169030000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22573153500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22573153500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 749742183500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 749742183500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 749742183500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 749742183500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005746                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005746                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60174.019720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60174.019720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54206.227442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54206.227442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59975.219597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59975.219597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59975.219597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59975.219597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             85660                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.608365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677232028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             85916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           7882.490200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      334699490500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.608365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.998470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2709357692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2709357692                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677232028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677232028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677232028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677232028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677232028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677232028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        85916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         85916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        85916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          85916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        85916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         85916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1176755500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1176755500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1176755500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1176755500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1176755500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1176755500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13696.581545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13696.581545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13696.581545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13696.581545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13696.581545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13696.581545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        85660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             85660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        85916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        85916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        85916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        85916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        85916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        85916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1090839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1090839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1090839500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1090839500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1090839500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1090839500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12696.581545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12696.581545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12696.581545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12696.581545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12696.581545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12696.581545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6743677                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16326.041440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    17943809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6760061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.654386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               13149674000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      396.823666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.831206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      15927.386568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.024220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.972131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9626                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  31932344                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 31932344                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3207063                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3207063                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        85659                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            85659                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             204601                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                204601                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           85194                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              85194                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        5684037                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           5684037                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 85194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               5888638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5973832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                85194                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              5888638                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5973832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           211830                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              211830                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           722                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              722                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6400398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6400398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6612228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6612950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6612228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6612950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19800190000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   19800190000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67420000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     67420000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 649359981500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 649359981500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      67420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  669160171500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     669227591500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 669160171500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    669227591500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3207063                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3207063                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        85659                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        85659                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         416431                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            416431                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        85916                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          85916                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     12084435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      12084435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             85916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          12500866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             12586782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            85916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         12500866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12586782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.508680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.508680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.008404                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.008404                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.529640                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.529640                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.008404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.528942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.525388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.008404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.528942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.525388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93472.076665                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93472.076665                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93379.501385                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93379.501385                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101456.187803                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101456.187803                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93379.501385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101200.408017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101199.554132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93379.501385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101200.408017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101199.554132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1129942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1129942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       468413                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        468413                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       211830                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         211830                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          722                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          722                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6400398                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6400398                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6612228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6612950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6612228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6612950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17681890000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17681890000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60200000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60200000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 585356001500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 585356001500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 603037891500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 603098091500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 603037891500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 603098091500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.508680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.508680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.008404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.529640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.529640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.008404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.528942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.525388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.008404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.528942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.525388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83472.076665                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83472.076665                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83379.501385                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83379.501385                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91456.187803                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91456.187803                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83379.501385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91200.408017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91199.554132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83379.501385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91200.408017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91199.554132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      13209229                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6596279                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6401120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1129942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5466337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            211830                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           211830                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6401120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19822179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19822179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19822179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    495545088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    495545088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               495545088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           6612950                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6612950    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             6612950                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17736074500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36872088250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     25172284                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12585502                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         615811                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       615811                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721921626500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12170351                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4337005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        85660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        14906514                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           416431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          416431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         85916                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12084435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       257492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     37501574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              37759066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10980864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1005307456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1016288320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6743677                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  72316288                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         19330459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.031857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.175620                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               18714647     96.81%     96.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 615812      3.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           19330459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        15878865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         128874000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18751299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
