
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.076663                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1076663416500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1076663416500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 587800                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   858718                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1265726460                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 655548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   850.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           64832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        41014080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           41078912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        64832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         64832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     24708096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        24708096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           640845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              641858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        386064                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             386064                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              60216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           38093688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              38153903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         60216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            60216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        22948765                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             22948765                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        22948765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             60216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          38093688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             61102669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      641858                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     386064                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    641858                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   386064                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               41034112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   44800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                24706496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                41078912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             24708096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    700                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             42635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             40779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             39541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             38731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             38017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             38600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             39736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             39222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             37377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             36688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            39872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            41114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            42029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            41700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            42326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            42791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             25620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             24399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             23796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             23200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            24791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            25025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            25342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            25786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            25892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1076630065500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                641858                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               386064                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  632630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  13005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  13998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  22456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  22438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  22438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  22438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  22438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  22438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  22439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  22437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  22441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  22437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  22451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  22443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  22440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       568591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    115.620205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.390431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   144.456149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       413025     72.64%     72.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       107644     18.93%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20942      3.68%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6245      1.10%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9920      1.74%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1039      0.18%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          869      0.15%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1037      0.18%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7870      1.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       568591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      28.389580                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.983630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    201.542151                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        22423     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            5      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            6      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.205464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.178306                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.958973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8440     37.62%     37.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              992      4.42%     42.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            12960     57.76%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               45      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  21333147750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             33354860250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3205790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     33272.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                52022.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        38.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        22.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     38.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     22.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   297374                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  161232                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                41.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1047384.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    44.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1997429280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1061658840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2265243540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              985107960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         38885814240.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          20910773760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1596172800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    117710422410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     47931769920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     159030780510                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           392387757360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            364.447930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1026601774000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2514121000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   16503490000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 643662563250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 124821378250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   31026800500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 258135063500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2062310460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1096144005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2312624580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1030015620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         39531800880.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          21022951470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1652101440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    118858336290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     48726084000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     158080699365                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           394386210390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            366.304086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1026191111750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2631312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   16779396000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 638683825000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 126889729750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   31024458500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 260654695000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2153326833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2153326833                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349067     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038710      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2934491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.212692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293049954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2935515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             99.829145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3747304500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1021.212692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         298920984                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        298920984                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    223729766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       223729766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69320188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69320188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293049954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293049954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293049954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293049954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2200608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2200608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       718523                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       718523                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2919131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2919131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2935515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2935515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  57810472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57810472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  38145664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38145664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  95956136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95956136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  95956136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95956136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010259                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010259                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 26270.227137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26270.227137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53088.995063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53088.995063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32871.473051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32871.473051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32688.007385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32688.007385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       298936                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              4923                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.722324                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1470784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1470784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2200608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2200608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       718523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       718523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2919131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2919131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2935515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2935515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55609864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55609864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  37427141000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37427141000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1402127495                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1402127495                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93037005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  93037005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  94439132495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  94439132495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010259                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010259                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25270.227137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25270.227137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52088.995063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52088.995063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85579.070740                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85579.070740                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31871.473051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31871.473051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32171.231452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32171.231452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               738                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           415.244407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          573786.864775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   415.244407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.811024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.811024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687399060                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687399060                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    102153500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102153500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    102153500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102153500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    102153500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102153500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85270.033389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85270.033389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85270.033389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85270.033389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85270.033389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85270.033389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          738                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               738                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    100955500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100955500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    100955500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100955500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    100955500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100955500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84270.033389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84270.033389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84270.033389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84270.033389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84270.033389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84270.033389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    625886                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16329.223545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5229671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    642270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      8.142481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                4224653000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       37.609567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         40.907335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16250.706643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.002497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.991864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  24130034                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 24130034                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1470784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1470784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          738                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              738                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             398420                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                398420                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             185                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                185                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1896250                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1896250                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2294670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2294855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2294670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2294855                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           320103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              320103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1013                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1013                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       320742                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          320742                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              640845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 641858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1013                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             640845                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                641858                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  32165911000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   32165911000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97212500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     97212500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  33774155500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33774155500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      97212500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   65940066500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      66037279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97212500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  65940066500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     66037279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1470784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1470784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          738                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          738                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         718523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            718523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1198                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1198                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2216992                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2216992                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2935515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2936713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2935515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2936713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.445501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.445501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.845576                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.845576                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.144674                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.144674                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.845576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.218308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.218563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.845576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.218308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.218563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100486.127903                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100486.127903                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95964.955577                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95964.955577                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105300.071397                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105300.071397                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95964.955577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102895.499692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102884.561694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95964.955577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102895.499692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102884.561694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               386064                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    386064                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       320103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         320103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1013                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1013                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       320742                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       320742                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         640845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            641858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        640845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           641858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28964881000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28964881000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87082500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87082500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30566735500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30566735500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87082500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59531616500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  59618699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87082500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59531616500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  59618699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.445501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.845576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.144674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.845576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.218308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.218563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.845576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.218308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.218563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90486.127903                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90486.127903                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85964.955577                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85964.955577                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95300.071397                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95300.071397                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85964.955577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92895.499692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92884.561694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85964.955577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92895.499692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92884.561694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1267087                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       625229                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             321755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       386064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           239165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            320103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           320103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        321755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1908945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1908945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1908945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     65787008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     65787008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                65787008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            641858                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  641858    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              641858                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2819526500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3474130250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5871942                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2935229                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            657                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          657                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1076663416500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2218190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1856848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1703529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           718523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          718523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2216992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8805521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               8808655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       123904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    282003136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              282127040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          625886                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  24708096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3562599                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000185                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.013589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3561941     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    658      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3562599                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4407493000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1797000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4403272500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
