
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.392769                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2392768537500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2392768537500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 467609                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   770027                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2237759442                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 670280                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1069.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          189152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       533479936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          533669088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       189152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        189152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    532022336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       532022336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             5911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         16671248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16677159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16625698                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16625698                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              79052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          222955095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             223034146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         79052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            79052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       222345926                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            222345926                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       222345926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             79052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         222955095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            445380072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16677159                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16625698                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16677159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16625698                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1067335680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534540288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               533669088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            532022336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8273478                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1041924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1041565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1041905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1042847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1042757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1042692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1042171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1042235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1041408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1042020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1042330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1043186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1042722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1042494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1042338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1042526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            522316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            522076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            522060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           522012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           521999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2392755446500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16677159                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16625698                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16677119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2017960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    793.809574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   619.821703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   351.905316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       217551     10.78%     10.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        66358      3.29%     14.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71540      3.55%     17.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        90802      4.50%     22.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        94618      4.69%     26.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        60931      3.02%     29.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        79422      3.94%     33.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        68706      3.40%     37.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1268032     62.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2017960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.981433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.898462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.060753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        521455    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.016876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.015923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.181792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           516757     99.10%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              802      0.15%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3714      0.71%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              187      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 247499837750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            560195837750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                83385600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14840.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33590.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       446.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       223.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    223.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    222.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15307816                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7703536                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      71848.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7212421020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3833492685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             59534005440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21799518660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         115304005440.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         148001040930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           8806177920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    300777750480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     96500201280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     287662314210                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1049458076985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            438.595734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2045199639500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10009122250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   48948228000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1134308389000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 251304033750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  288602773250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 659595991250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7195813380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3824665515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             59540631360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21798923580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         114251741760.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         147717983490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           8748382560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    298722036360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     94619052000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     289864688280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1046311974015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            437.280895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2045974631250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9892019500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   48500162000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1144484590250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 246405042250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  288399053000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 655087670500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4785537075                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4785537075                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16690842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4092.443261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           254979618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16694938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.272870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        8173448500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4092.443261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1010                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1103393162                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1103393162                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157117412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157117412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     97862206                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       97862206                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     254979618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        254979618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    254979618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       254979618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        96983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         96983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     16597955                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16597955                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16694938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16694938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16694938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16694938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25644632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25644632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1422145646500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1422145646500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1447790278500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1447790278500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1447790278500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1447790278500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.145011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 264423.991834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 264423.991834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85681.979888                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85681.979888                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86720.314774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86720.314774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86720.314774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86720.314774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16668897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16668897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        96983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        96983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16597955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16597955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16694938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16694938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16694938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16694938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25547649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25547649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1405547691500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1405547691500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1431095340500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1431095340500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1431095340500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1431095340500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 263423.991834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 263423.991834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84681.979888                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84681.979888                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85720.314774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85720.314774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85720.314774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85720.314774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1139538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           871.077865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           674213095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1140562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            591.123582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1564974594500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   871.077865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.850662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          597                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2702555190                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2702555190                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    674213095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       674213095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     674213095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        674213095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    674213095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       674213095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1140562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1140562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1140562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15785959500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15785959500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15785959500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  15785959500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15785959500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  15785959500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13840.509766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13840.509766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13840.509766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13840.509766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13840.509766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13840.509766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1139538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1139538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1140562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1140562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1140562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14645397500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14645397500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14645397500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14645397500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14645397500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14645397500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12840.509766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12840.509766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12840.509766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12840.509766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12840.509766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12840.509766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16667621                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32652.337216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    18960395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16700389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.135327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11057738000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      906.229605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        329.814980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      31416.292630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.027656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.958749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1050                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31604                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  52366269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 52366269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16668897                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16668897                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1139538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1139538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               9265                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  9265                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         1134651                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1134651                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          14425                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             14425                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               1134651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 23690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1158341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              1134651                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                23690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1158341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         16588690                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16588690                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          5911                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5911                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        82558                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           82558                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                5911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16671248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16677159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               5911                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16671248                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16677159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1380553476500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1380553476500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1020719000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1020719000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25250711500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  25250711500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    1020719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1405804188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1406824907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1020719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1405804188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1406824907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16668897                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16668897                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1139538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1139538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       16597955                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16597955                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1140562                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1140562                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        96983                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         96983                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           1140562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16694938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             17835500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          1140562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16694938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            17835500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005183                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.005183                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.851263                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.851263                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.005183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.998581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.935054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.005183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.998581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.935054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83222.573723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83222.573723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 172681.272204                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172681.272204                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 305854.205528                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 305854.205528                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 172681.272204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84325.072004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84356.388699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 172681.272204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84325.072004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84356.388699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16625698                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16625698                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         5096                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          5096                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16588690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16588690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5911                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         5911                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        82558                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        82558                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           5911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16671248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16677159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          5911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16671248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16677159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1214666576500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1214666576500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    961609000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    961609000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24425131500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24425131500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    961609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1239091708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1240053317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    961609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1239091708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1240053317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.851263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.935054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.935054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73222.573723                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73222.573723                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 162681.272204                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162681.272204                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 295854.205528                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295854.205528                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 162681.272204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74325.072004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74356.388699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 162681.272204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74325.072004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74356.388699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      33320438                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16643279                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              88469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16625698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            17581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16588690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16588690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         88469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49997597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     49997597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49997597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1065691424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1065691424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1065691424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16677159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16677159    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16677159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66571879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54464100250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     35665880                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17830380                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          29438                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        29438                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2392768537500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1237545                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33294595                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1139538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           63868                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16597955                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16597955                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1140562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        96983                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3420662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50080718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              53501380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     72963200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1067642720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1140605920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16667621                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 532022336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         34503121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000853                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               34473683     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  29438      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           34503121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        26737157500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1140562000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16694938000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
