
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.581384                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1581383780500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1581383780500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 579055                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   751571                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1831416886                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 661184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   863.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     648963383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           34880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       457762880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          457797760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        34880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         34880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    456373760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       456373760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          7152545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             7153090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       7130840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            7130840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              22057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          289469821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             289491878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         22057                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            22057                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       288591401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            288591401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       288591401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             22057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         289469821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            578083278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     7153090                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    7130840                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   7153090                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  7130840                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              457797760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               456372544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               457797760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            456373760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            446964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            446823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            446901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            446731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            446765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            446779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            451757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            446629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            446570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            446727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           446639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           446738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           446817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           446692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           446866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           446692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            445845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            445692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            445811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            445681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            445713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            445751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            445589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            445584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            445522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            445644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           445579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           445674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           445643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           445616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           445829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           445648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1580521411500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               7153090                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              7130840                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7153090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 387052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 387963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 397237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 397237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 397265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 397239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 397236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1720595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    531.310566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   347.610921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   405.583386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       124772      7.25%      7.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       601545     34.96%     42.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        96307      5.60%     47.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        77854      4.52%     52.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        67662      3.93%     56.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        61298      3.56%     59.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        54653      3.18%     63.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        71728      4.17%     67.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       564776     32.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1720595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       397236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.007144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.958901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     22.891112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        397234    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        397236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       397236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.951095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.948297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.305561                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9274      2.33%      2.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              911      0.23%      2.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18           387019     97.43%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               32      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        397236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 116944819750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            251065257250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                35765450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16348.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35098.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       289.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       288.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    289.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    288.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  6309100                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6254216                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     110650.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6169159920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3278986260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             25556551860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            18612776520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         74605617840.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          86946137880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           5151535680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    276839082000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     31373501760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     169216081425                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           697753837335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            441.229917                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1376449984500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3199109250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   31628282000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 688482503250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  81707397250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  169256374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 607110114750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6115888380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3250671765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             25516510740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            18610109100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         72775834560.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          84758545140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5119711200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    272492197590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     28828258080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     174103064730                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           691575329445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            437.322893                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1381332770250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3182602250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   30852414000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 709523345750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  75079162500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  165168310000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 597577946000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3162767561                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     648963383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             648962728                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    848                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2369346                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     15707705                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    648962728                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           848                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1304344848                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          560057856                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1341                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 581                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             95274047                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           257707815                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     216142387                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   144433139                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   71709248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3162767561                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          18089551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   160      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 431926300     66.56%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   893946      0.14%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     520      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                144433139     22.26%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                71709248     11.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  648963383                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7159843                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.665384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           208980506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7161891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             29.179515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         510853500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.665384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1987                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         871731479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        871731479                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    143971506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       143971506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     65009000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       65009000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     208980506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        208980506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    208980506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       208980506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       461642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        461642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      6700249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6700249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      7161891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        7161891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      7161891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       7161891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  40675825500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40675825500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 591472768500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 591472768500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 632148594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 632148594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 632148594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 632148594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    144433148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    144433148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     71709249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71709249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    216142397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    216142397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    216142397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    216142397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.093436                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.093436                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88111.188973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88111.188973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88276.236973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88276.236973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88265.598290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88265.598290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88265.598290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88265.598290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7145344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7145344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       461642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       461642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6700249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6700249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7161891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7161891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7161891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7161891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40214183500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40214183500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 584772519500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 584772519500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 624986703000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 624986703000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 624986703000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 624986703000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.093436                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093436                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87111.188973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87111.188973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87276.236973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87276.236973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87265.598290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87265.598290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87265.598290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87265.598290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                17                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           487.017435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           740207700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1353213.345521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   487.017435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.475603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.475603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          530                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          530                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2960833535                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2960833535                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    740207700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       740207700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     740207700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        740207700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    740207700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       740207700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46989000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46989000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46989000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46989000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46989000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46989000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85903.107861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85903.107861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85903.107861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85903.107861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85903.107861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85903.107861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           17                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                17                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46442000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46442000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84903.107861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84903.107861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84903.107861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84903.107861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84903.107861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84903.107861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   7139653                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16366.268879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7162603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   7156037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.000918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                3454489000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.958412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.774390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16361.536078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.998629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5930                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  21478334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 21478334                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      7145344                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          7145344                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           17                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               17                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                 94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data           9252                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              9252                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                  9346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     9348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                 9346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    9348                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          6700155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             6700155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           545                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              545                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       452390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          452390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             7152545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                7153090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                545                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            7152545                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               7153090                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 574721159000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  574721159000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45597500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     45597500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39424574500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  39424574500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      45597500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  614145733500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     614191331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45597500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 614145733500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    614191331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      7145344                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      7145344                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           17                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           17                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        6700249                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6700249                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          547                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            547                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       461642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        461642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           7161891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7162438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          7161891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7162438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996344                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.996344                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.979958                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979958                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.996344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.998695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.996344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.998695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85777.293063                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85777.293063                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83665.137615                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83665.137615                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87147.316475                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87147.316475                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83665.137615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85863.945421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85863.777892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83665.137615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85863.945421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85863.777892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              7130840                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7130840                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3657                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          3657                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6700155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        6700155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          545                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          545                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       452390                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       452390                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        7152545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           7153090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       7152545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          7153090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 507719609000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 507719609000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40147500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40147500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34900674500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34900674500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40147500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 542620283500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 542660431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40147500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 542620283500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 542660431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.979958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75777.293063                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75777.293063                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73665.137615                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73665.137615                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77147.316475                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77147.316475                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73665.137615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75863.945421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75863.777892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73665.137615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75863.945421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75863.777892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      14289206                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7136116                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             452935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7130840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6700155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6700155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        452935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21442296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     21442296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               21442296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    914171520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    914171520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               914171520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           7153090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 7153090    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             7153090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         42812570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        37660471750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14322298                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7159860                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           7194                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7193                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581383780500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            462189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     14276184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           23312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6700249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6700249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           547                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       461642                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21483625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              21484736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        36096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    915663040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              915699136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         7139653                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 456373760                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         14302091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022428                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               14294896     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   7194      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           14302091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        14306510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            820500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10742836500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
