
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.095617                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1095617088500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1095617088500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 445402                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   650689                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              975980707                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 658844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1122.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           58240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        31513728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           31571968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        58240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         58240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     17910240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        17910240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           984804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              986624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        559695                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             559695                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              53157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           28763451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              28816608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         53157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            53157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16347171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16347171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16347171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             53157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          28763451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             45163779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      986624                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     559695                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    986624                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   559695                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               63119616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   24320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                31631488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                31571968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             17910240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    380                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 65437                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             64478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             62479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             61038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             60465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             59669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             60148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             62132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             61184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             58804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             57861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            61093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            62679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            63524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            62874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            63688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            64128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             32320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             31252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             30264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             29954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             29370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             29256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             30086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             30279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             30356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             30161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            31059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            31328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            31744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            32082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            32439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            32292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1095613843500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                986624                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               559695                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  969803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  16037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  17270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  28817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  28806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  28807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  28807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  28807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  28807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  28807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  28807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  28811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  28809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  28808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  28807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  28810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  28812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  28807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  28807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       750019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.331520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.284285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   161.802028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       531034     70.80%     70.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       140084     18.68%     89.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        30094      4.01%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11900      1.59%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16519      2.20%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5087      0.68%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1637      0.22%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1112      0.15%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12552      1.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       750019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.961502                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     26.496365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    284.012140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        28790     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            9      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         28807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.157010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.129433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.966617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            11532     40.03%     40.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1239      4.30%     44.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            16017     55.60%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               19      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         28807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  26106087500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             44598162500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4931220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26470.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45220.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        57.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        28.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     28.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   530809                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  199657                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 53.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                40.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     708530.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2649132780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1408043670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3509974020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1267316820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         42422452800.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          24950236650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1587174720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    143964763200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     42990140640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     150063747270                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           414822202800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            378.619689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1036745082500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2235131000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   17988256000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 609082154250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 111955106250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   38645948000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 315710493000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2706010020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1438278435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3531808140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1312626420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         42246665760.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          24979134510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1585927200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    142812561210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     43096508160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     150586678155                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           414307035900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            378.149479                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1036643746500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2224092500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   17913872000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 611268217750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 112229511250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   38797162500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 313184232500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2191234177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2191234177                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349067     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038710      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2422595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4083.068817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293558783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2426691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            120.970813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3964786500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4083.068817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2848                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         594397639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        594397639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224231623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224231623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69327160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69327160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293558783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293558783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293558783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293558783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1698755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1698755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       711552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       711552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2410307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2410307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2426691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2426691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  65631565000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  65631565000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  48846014500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  48846014500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 114477579500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 114477579500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 114477579500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 114477579500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38635.097468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38635.097468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68647.146660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68647.146660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47495.020136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47495.020136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47174.353677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47174.353677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2880                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   205.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1117556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1117556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1698755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1698755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       711552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       711552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2410307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2410307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2426691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2426691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  63932810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  63932810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  48134462500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48134462500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1361299000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1361299000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 112067272500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 112067272500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 113428571500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 113428571500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37635.097468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37635.097468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67647.146660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67647.146660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83087.097168                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83087.097168                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46495.020136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46495.020136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46742.074496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46742.074496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               858                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           859.909055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          369170.784103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   859.909055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.839755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.839755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1374797586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1374797586                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    166934500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166934500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    166934500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166934500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    166934500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166934500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89653.329753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89653.329753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89653.329753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89653.329753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89653.329753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89653.329753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    165072500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165072500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    165072500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    165072500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    165072500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    165072500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88653.329753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88653.329753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88653.329753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88653.329753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88653.329753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88653.329753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    955665                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32637.654497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3862886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    988433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.908091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                5518038000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       99.634950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         70.643007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32467.376540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.002156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.990826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  20396453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 20396453                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1117556                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1117556                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          858                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              858                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             237333                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                237333                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              42                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 42                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1204554                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1204554                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1441887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1441929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1441887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1441929                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           474219                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              474219                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1820                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1820                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       510585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          510585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              984804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 986624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1820                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             984804                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                986624                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  44575138000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   44575138000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161837500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    161837500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  50073583500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  50073583500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     161837500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   94648721500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      94810559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161837500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  94648721500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     94810559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1117556                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1117556                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          858                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          858                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         711552                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            711552                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1862                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1862                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1715139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1715139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2426691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2428553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2426691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2428553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.666457                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.666457                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977444                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.977444                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.297693                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.297693                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.977444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.405822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.406260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.977444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.405822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.406260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93996.946558                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93996.946558                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88921.703297                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88921.703297                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98071.003849                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98071.003849                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88921.703297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 96109.196855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96095.938270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88921.703297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 96109.196855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96095.938270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               559695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    559695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          686                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           686                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       474219                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         474219                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1820                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1820                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       510585                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       510585                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         984804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            986624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        984804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           986624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39832948000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39832948000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    143637500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143637500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44967733500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44967733500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    143637500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  84800681500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  84944319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    143637500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  84800681500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  84944319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.297693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.405822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.406260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.977444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.405822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.406260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83996.946558                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83996.946558                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78921.703297                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78921.703297                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88071.003849                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88071.003849                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78921.703297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86109.196855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86095.938270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78921.703297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86109.196855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86095.938270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1939865                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       953241                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             512405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       559695                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           393546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            474219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           474219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        512405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2926489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2926489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2926489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49482208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     49482208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                49482208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            986624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  986624    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              986624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3059264000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3351534500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4852006                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2423453                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3110                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3110                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1095617088500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1717001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1677251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1701009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           711552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          711552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1715139                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7275977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7280559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    113415904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              113502944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          955665                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  17910240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3384218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3381107     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3111      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3384218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2985210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1862000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2426691000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
