
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.736741                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1736740640500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1736740640500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 330958                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   580046                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1149575664                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 598324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1510.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           53568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       423863360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          423916928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        53568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         53568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     72509376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        72509376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6622865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6623702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1132959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1132959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              30844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          244056798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             244087642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         30844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            30844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        41750262                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             41750262                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        41750262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             30844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         244056798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            285837904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6623702                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1132959                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6623702                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1132959                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              422745600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1171328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                72497664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               423916928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             72509376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  18302                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   164                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            424227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            405737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            407777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            433961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            402698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            403152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            415834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            401800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            405047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            404112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           405937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           410166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           421454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           424383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           417779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           421336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             72489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             71776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             71839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             79247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             70875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             66981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             72123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             66822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             67579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             66288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            66893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            70302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            72565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            72620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            72041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            72336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1736723390500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6623702                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1132959                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6605400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  31583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  33068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  66679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  66751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  66749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  66748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  66747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  66750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  66754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  66750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  66754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  66752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  66768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  66757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  66858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  66780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  66785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  66746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5889126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     84.094527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.049075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.067553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5355368     90.94%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       391785      6.65%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        32373      0.55%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        15515      0.26%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11226      0.19%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13167      0.22%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8671      0.15%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8988      0.15%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        52033      0.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5889126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        66746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      98.963069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     56.307299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    144.599040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         58903     88.25%     88.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         7115     10.66%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767          396      0.59%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          158      0.24%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           85      0.13%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           32      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           19      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           15      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            6      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         66746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        66746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.971444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.942507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.992002                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            33663     50.43%     50.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1481      2.22%     52.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            31450     47.12%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              149      0.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         66746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 208690356000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            332541606000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                33027000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     31593.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50343.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       243.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        41.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    244.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     41.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1335301                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  513749                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 20.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     223900.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    23.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              21006308400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11165117700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             23527628040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2986633440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         130558140960.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         102324145080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4264428480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    510840714600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     74457708000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      52841665935                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           933985201845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            537.780470                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1501204328250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5099423250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   55315738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 187046960250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 193901595500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  175114808500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1120262115000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              21042051240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11184115470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             23634927960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2926457280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         130846407120.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         102399882690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4442279520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    508153455870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     75599395200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      53843603220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           934084085850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            537.837408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1500580501000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5219751750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   55442574000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 189340414250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 196874032750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  175494287500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1114369580250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3473481281                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3473481281                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12807560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.795229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           280969142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12808584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             21.936003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1055810500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.795229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          593                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         600364036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        600364036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    209004168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       209004168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71964974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71964974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     280969142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        280969142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    280969142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       280969142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     12295001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12295001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       513583                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       513583                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     12808584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12808584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     12808584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12808584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 742907934500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 742907934500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  24661969000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24661969000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 767569903500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 767569903500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 767569903500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 767569903500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.043600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.043600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60423.576582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60423.576582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48019.441843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48019.441843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59926.210696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59926.210696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59926.210696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59926.210696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3455666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3455666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12295001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12295001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       513583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       513583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12808584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12808584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12808584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12808584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 730612933500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 730612933500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24148386000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24148386000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 754761319500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 754761319500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 754761319500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 754761319500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007086                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007086                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.043600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.043600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59423.576582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59423.576582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47019.441843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47019.441843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58926.210696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58926.210696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58926.210696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58926.210696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            901102                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           254.400294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           676416586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            901358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            750.441651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      359587766500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   254.400294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.993751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1355537246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1355537246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    676416586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       676416586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     676416586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        676416586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    676416586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       676416586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        901358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         901358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        901358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11792075500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11792075500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11792075500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11792075500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11792075500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11792075500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13082.565973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13082.565973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13082.565973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13082.565973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13082.565973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13082.565973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       901102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            901102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       901358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       901358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       901358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10890717500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10890717500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10890717500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10890717500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10890717500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10890717500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12082.565973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12082.565973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12082.565973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12082.565973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12082.565973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12082.565973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6766817                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16322.041990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    20135942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6783201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.968501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               14166099000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      415.838201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.050193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      15903.153596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.025381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.970651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9651                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  34201804                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 34201804                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3455666                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3455666                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       901101                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           901101                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             300297                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                300297                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          900521                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             900521                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        5885422                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           5885422                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                900521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               6185719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7086240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               900521                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              6185719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7086240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           213286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              213286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           837                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              837                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6409579                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6409579                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6622865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6623702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                837                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6622865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6623702                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  20221897500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   20221897500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     83202000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     83202000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 650373494000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 650373494000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      83202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  670595391500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     670678593500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     83202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 670595391500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    670678593500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3455666                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3455666                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       901101                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       901101                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         513583                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            513583                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       901358                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         901358                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     12295001                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      12295001                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            901358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          12808584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             13709942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           901358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         12808584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            13709942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.415290                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.415290                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000929                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000929                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.521316                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.521316                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.517065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.483131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.517065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.483131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94811.180762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94811.180762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99405.017921                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99405.017921                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101468.987901                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101468.987901                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99405.017921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101254.576607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101254.342889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99405.017921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101254.576607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101254.342889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1132959                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1132959                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       499460                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        499460                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       213286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         213286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          837                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6409579                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6409579                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6622865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6623702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6622865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6623702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18089037500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18089037500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74832000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74832000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 586277704000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 586277704000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 604366741500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 604441573500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 604366741500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 604441573500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.415290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.521316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.517065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.483131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.517065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.483131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84811.180762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84811.180762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89405.017921                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89405.017921                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91468.987901                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91468.987901                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89405.017921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91254.576607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91254.342889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89405.017921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91254.576607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91254.342889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      13230726                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6607024                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6410416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1132959                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5474065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            213286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           213286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6410416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19854428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19854428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19854428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    496426304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    496426304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               496426304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           6623702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6623702    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             6623702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17772629500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36930932000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     27418604                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13708662                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         659253                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       659253                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1736740640500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13196359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4588625                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       901102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        14985752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           513583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          513583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        901358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12295001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2703818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     38424728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              41128546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    115357440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1040912000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1156269440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6766817                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  72509376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         20476759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.032195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.176518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               19817505     96.78%     96.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 659254      3.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           20476759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        18066070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1352037000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       19212876000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
