
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.069535                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1069534697500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1069534697500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 593980                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   867746                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1270564338                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 655464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   841.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           63872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        41012608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           41076480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        63872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         63872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     24707328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        24707328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           640822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              641820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        386052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             386052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              59719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           38346216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              38405935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         59719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            59719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        23101007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             23101007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        23101007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             59719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          38346216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             61506941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      641820                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     386052                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    641820                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   386052                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               41031168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   45312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                24705344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                41076480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             24707328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    708                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             42635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             40769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             39529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             38731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             38020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             38597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             39727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             39217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             37375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             36688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            39880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            41119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            42033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            41712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            42318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            42762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             25622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             24402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             23790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             23205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            24788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            25026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            25342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            25784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            25871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1069501346500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                641820                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               386052                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  632388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    7868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  12989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  13953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  22464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  22441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  22441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  22442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  22443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  22441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  22441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  22446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  22442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  22442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  22445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  22444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  22440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       567971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    115.739205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.463447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   144.399936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       412262     72.59%     72.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       107702     18.96%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21013      3.70%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6261      1.10%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9824      1.73%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1109      0.20%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1191      0.21%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          689      0.12%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7920      1.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       567971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      28.382353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.975068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    201.841564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        22427     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            4      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            6      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.202362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.175170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.959542                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8483     37.80%     37.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              969      4.32%     42.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            12952     57.72%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               36      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  21266870500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             33287720500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3205560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     33171.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                51921.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        38.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        23.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     38.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     23.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   297961                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  161201                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                41.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1040500.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    44.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1995337260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1060546905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2264986500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              985092300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         38698963680.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          20772437040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1586169600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    116442712770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     48106521600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     157978771065                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           389902963170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            364.553820                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1019807656250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2494664750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   16425074000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 639190874250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 125277575750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   30790071500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 255356437250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2059975680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1094903040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2312553180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1029937320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         39197436720.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          21039228960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1640558880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    117543999510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     48488799360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     157151716905                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           391571550075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            366.113928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1019057322000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2612831000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   16637632000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 635051300500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 126272692250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   31189774500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 257770467250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2139069395                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2139069395                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349067     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038710      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2347433                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.224557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293637012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2348457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            125.034017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3725243500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1021.224557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          875                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1186290333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1186290333                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224233666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224233666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69403346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69403346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293637012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293637012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293637012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293637012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1696708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1696708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       635365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       635365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2332073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2332073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2348457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2348457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  51224354500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51224354500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37017034500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37017034500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  88241389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88241389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  88241389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88241389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30190.436127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30190.436127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58261.053882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58261.053882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37838.176163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37838.176163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37574.198293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37574.198293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       306207                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5360                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    57.128172                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1067319                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1067319                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1696708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1696708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       635365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       635365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2332073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2332073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2348457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2348457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49527646500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49527646500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36381669500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36381669500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1416452495                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1416452495                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  85909316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  85909316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  87325768495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  87325768495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009072                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29190.436127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29190.436127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57261.053882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57261.053882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86453.399353                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86453.399353                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36838.176163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36838.176163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37184.316551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37184.316551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               501                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           473.322290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          679917.755687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   473.322290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.924458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.924458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2749592459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2749592459                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97850500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97850500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97850500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97850500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97850500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97850500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96785.855589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96785.855589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96785.855589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96785.855589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96785.855589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96785.855589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96839500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96839500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96839500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96839500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95785.855589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95785.855589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95785.855589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95785.855589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95785.855589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95785.855589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    626148                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16328.816393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4054833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    642532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.310710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                4229314000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       44.041831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         41.340891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16243.433671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.002523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.991421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  19432136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 19432136                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1067319                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1067319                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          501                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              501                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             315283                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                315283                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              13                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 13                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1392352                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1392352                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1707635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1707648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1707635                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1707648                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           320082                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              320082                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           998                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              998                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       320740                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          320740                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              640822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 641820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             640822                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                641820                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  32118149500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   32118149500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95184500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     95184500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  33754734500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33754734500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      95184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   65872884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      65968068500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  65872884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     65968068500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1067319                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1067319                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          501                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          501                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         635365                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            635365                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1011                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1011                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1713092                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1713092                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2348457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2349468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2348457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2349468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.503777                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.503777                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.987141                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.987141                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.187229                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.187229                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.987141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.272869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.273177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.987141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.272869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.273177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100343.504165                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100343.504165                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95375.250501                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95375.250501                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105240.177402                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105240.177402                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95375.250501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102794.354751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102782.818391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95375.250501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102794.354751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102782.818391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               386052                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    386052                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           36                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            36                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       320082                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         320082                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          998                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          998                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       320740                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       320740                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         640822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            641820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        640822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           641820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28917329500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28917329500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85204500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85204500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30547334500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30547334500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85204500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59464664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  59549868500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85204500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59464664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  59549868500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.503777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.503777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.987141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.187229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.987141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.272869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.273177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.987141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.272869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.273177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90343.504165                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90343.504165                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85375.250501                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85375.250501                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95240.177402                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95240.177402                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85375.250501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92794.354751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92782.818391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85375.250501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92794.354751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92782.818391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1266998                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       625178                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             321738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       386052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           239126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            320082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           320082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        321738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1908818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1908818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1908818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     65783808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     65783808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                65783808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            641820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  641820    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              641820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2819257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3473786000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4697402                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2347934                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1006                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1006                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1069534697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1714103                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1453371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          501                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1520210                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           635365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          635365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1713092                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7044347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7046870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    218609664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              218706432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          626148                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  24707328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2975616                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000338                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.018393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2974609     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1007      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2975616                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3416521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1516500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3522685500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
