
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.707470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1707469679500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1707469679500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 431124                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   709947                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1472263352                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 664764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1159.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          107712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       536416448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          536524160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       107712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        107712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    534657536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       534657536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          8381507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8383190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8354024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8354024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              63083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          314158696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             314221779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         63083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            63083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       313128568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            313128568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       313128568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             63083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         314158696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            627350347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8383190                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8354024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8383190                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8354024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              536519744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534656064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               536524160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            534657536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     69                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            523639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            523388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            523652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            524366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            524499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            524032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            523776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            524026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            523402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            523807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           523949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           524251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           524230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           524210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           524021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           523873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            522076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            522076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            522268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            522122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            522306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            522157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           522075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           522301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           522368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           522367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           522210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           522128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1707457000500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8383190                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8354024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8383120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 521488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 521488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 521488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 521488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 521488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 521487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 521487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 521488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 521487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 521487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 521487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 521489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 521489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 521487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1432043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    748.005338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   557.057997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   373.556434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       186550     13.03%     13.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        61911      4.32%     17.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        67513      4.71%     22.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        72639      5.07%     27.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        76366      5.33%     32.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        50361      3.52%     35.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        41469      2.90%     38.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        48517      3.39%     42.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       826717     57.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1432043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       521487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.075406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.050754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      6.883892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        521482    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        521487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       521487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.019577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.018443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.198343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           516411     99.03%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               63      0.01%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4893      0.94%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              120      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        521487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 164634000000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            321817518750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41915605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19638.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38388.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       314.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       313.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    314.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    313.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7607753                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7697326                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     102015.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5116538280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2719504590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             29926438920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21802692420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         85299739200.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          96762760530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           5860951200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    203421898110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     89008877760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     205860935505                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           745810800975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            436.792993                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1479883356000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7654537000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   36232866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 802045177250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 231794038250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  183684626750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 446058434250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               5108248740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2715098595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             29929045020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21805192800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         84542502720.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          96550520460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5814120480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    202373130030                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     87734997120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     207091203405                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           743690363880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            435.551137                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1480492960500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7540746750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   35909714000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 808259221500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 228476751500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  183524232500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 443759013250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3414939359                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3414939359                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8420614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2045.534148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           263251881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8422662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.255188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7987143500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2045.534148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         551771748                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        551771748                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157101552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157101552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    106150329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      106150329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     263251881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        263251881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    263251881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       263251881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       112831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        112831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      8309831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8309831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8422662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8422662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8422662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8422662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  27361365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27361365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 741303965000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 741303965000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 768665330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 768665330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 768665330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 768665330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 242498.648421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 242498.648421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89208.067529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89208.067529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91261.566711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91261.566711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91261.566711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91261.566711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8384779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8384779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       112831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       112831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8309831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8309831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8422662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8422662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8422662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8422662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27248534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27248534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 732994134000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 732994134000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 760242668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 760242668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 760242668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 760242668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072600                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072600                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 241498.648421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241498.648421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88208.067529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88208.067529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90261.566711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90261.566711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90261.566711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90261.566711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           970.767394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           675350883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          243457.419971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   970.767394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.474008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.474008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.696777                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1350710088                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1350710088                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    675350883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       675350883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     675350883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        675350883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    675350883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       675350883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    202044500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202044500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    202044500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    202044500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    202044500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    202044500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72835.075703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72835.075703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72835.075703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72835.075703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72835.075703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72835.075703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    199270500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199270500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    199270500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199270500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    199270500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199270500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71835.075703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71835.075703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71835.075703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71835.075703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71835.075703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71835.075703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8389685                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8163.347136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8444667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8397877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.005572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                8607359000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      358.301883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         31.783872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       7773.261381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.043738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.948884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7091                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  42092669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 42092669                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8384779                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8384779                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1347                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1347                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              13886                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 13886                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            1091                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1091                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          27269                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             27269                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  1091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 41155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    42246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 1091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                41155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   42246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          8295945                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8295945                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1683                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1683                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        85562                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           85562                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8381507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8383190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8381507                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8383190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 720383584500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  720383584500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183632000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    183632000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26792959500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  26792959500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     183632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  747176544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     747360176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 747176544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    747360176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8384779                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8384779                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1347                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1347                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        8309831                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8309831                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2774                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2774                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       112831                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        112831                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8422662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8425436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8422662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8425436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.998329                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998329                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.606705                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.606705                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.758320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.758320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.606705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.995114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.994986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.606705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.995114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.994986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86835.626863                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86835.626863                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 109109.922757                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109109.922757                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 313140.874454                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 313140.874454                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 109109.922757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89145.847400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89149.855365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 109109.922757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89145.847400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89149.855365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8354024                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8354024                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         4852                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          4852                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8295945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8295945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1683                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1683                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        85562                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        85562                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8381507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8383190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8381507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8383190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 637424134500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 637424134500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    166802000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166802000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25937339500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25937339500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    166802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 663361474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 663528276000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    166802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 663361474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 663528276000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.606705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.758320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.606705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.995114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.994986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.606705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.995114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76835.626863                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76835.626863                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99109.922757                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99109.922757                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 303140.874454                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303140.874454                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99109.922757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79145.847400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79149.855365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99109.922757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79145.847400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79149.855365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      16756443                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8373253                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              87245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8354024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            19229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8295945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8295945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         87245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25139633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     25139633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               25139633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1071181696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1071181696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1071181696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8383190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8383190    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8383190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         50172578500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        44108066750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     16847397                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8421961                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          21284                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        21284                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1707469679500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            115605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16738803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           71496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8309831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8309831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2774                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       112831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25265938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25272833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       263744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1075676224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1075939968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8389685                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 534657536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16815121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16793836     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  21285      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16815121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16809824500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           4161000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12633993000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
