
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.023249                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2023249063500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2023249063500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 355520                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   623095                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1438612004                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 600680                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1406.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           37664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       334623648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          334661312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        37664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         37664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     41253056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        41253056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10456989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10458166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1289158                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1289158                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              18616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          165389251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             165407867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         18616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            18616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        20389509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             20389509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        20389509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             18616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         165389251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            185797376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10458166                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1289158                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10458166                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1289158                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              668498496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  824128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                74965632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               334661312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             41253056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  12877                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                117794                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            668751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            647612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            649927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            671899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            638537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            641249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            654786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            638287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            644074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            642885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           645407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           651729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           662803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           666872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           657838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           662633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             74484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             81642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             72548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             69438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             73387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            69530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            72895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            74978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            74769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2023231777500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              10458166                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1289158                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10445289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  15683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  17266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  70941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  71144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  71144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  71146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  71144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  71145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  71145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  71148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  71164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  71200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  71170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  71155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  71252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  71174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  71182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  71143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5999106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.929153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.364506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   120.440958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2209064     36.82%     36.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3559959     59.34%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        90168      1.50%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24348      0.41%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12766      0.21%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9825      0.16%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12776      0.21%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8797      0.15%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        71403      1.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5999106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        71143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     146.820404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     76.471193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    221.723818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         65223     91.68%     91.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023         5465      7.68%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535          261      0.37%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047          105      0.15%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559           43      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           24      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583           11      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         71143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        71143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.464557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.444301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.833841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            53877     75.73%     75.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1582      2.22%     77.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            15584     21.91%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              100      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         71143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 245292396500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            441141565250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                52226445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23483.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42233.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       330.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        37.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    165.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     20.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5120359                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  497162                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                42.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     172229.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              21362944260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11354674155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             37206882720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3081736620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         153216229920.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         128378722530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4815821760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    609314716020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     77788373760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      53928529410                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1100463925335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            543.909272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1729136775500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5379264500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   64904758000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 190351195500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 202574198750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  223821384750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1336218262000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              21470672580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11411933115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             37372480740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3032647740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         153889260720.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         129068562180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4980945600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    609058072950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     79444909440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      52777691265                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1102524457470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            544.927697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1727183472500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5438793000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   65191582000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 184652849250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 206886646750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  225426652250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1335652540250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4046498127                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4046498127                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          15602796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.611781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           278207005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          15604844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.828246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1114892500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.611781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1190852240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1190852240                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    206439733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       206439733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71767272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71767272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     278207005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        278207005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    278207005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       278207005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     14893557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      14893557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       711287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       711287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     15604844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15604844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     15604844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15604844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1022795829500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1022795829500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  44051572500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  44051572500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1066847402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1066847402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1066847402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1066847402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009814                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009814                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68673.711021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68673.711021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61932.205284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61932.205284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68366.425323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68366.425323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68366.425323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68366.425323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3305812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3305812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14893557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14893557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       711287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       711287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     15604844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15604844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     15604844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15604844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1007902272500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007902272500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  43340285500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43340285500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1051242558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1051242558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1051242558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1051242558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009814                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009814                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67673.711021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67673.711021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60932.205284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60932.205284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67366.425323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67366.425323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67366.425323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67366.425323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             67152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.122299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677250280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             67664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10009.019272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      344109850500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.122299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.996333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2709339440                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2709339440                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677250280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677250280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677250280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677250280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677250280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677250280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         67664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          67664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         67664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    971265500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    971265500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    971265500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    971265500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    971265500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    971265500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14354.243024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14354.243024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14354.243024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14354.243024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14354.243024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14354.243024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        67152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             67152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        67664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    903601500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    903601500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    903601500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    903601500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    903601500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    903601500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13354.243024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13354.243024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13354.243024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13354.243024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13354.243024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13354.243024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10593146                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32640.313393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    20198232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10625914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.900847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               21670431000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      490.538079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.148791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32146.626524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.014970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.981037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          582                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4545                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  41968369                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 41968369                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3305812                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3305812                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        67151                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            67151                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             263148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                263148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           66487                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              66487                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        4884707                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           4884707                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 66487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               5147855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5214342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                66487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              5147855                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5214342                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           448139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              448139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     10008850                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10008850                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10456989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10458166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10456989                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10458166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39510301000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   39510301000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    103991000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    103991000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 934272513500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 934272513500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     103991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  973782814500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     973886805500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    103991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 973782814500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    973886805500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3305812                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3305812                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        67151                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        67151                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         711287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            711287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        67664                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          67664                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     14893557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      14893557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             67664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          15604844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             15672508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            67664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         15604844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            15672508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.630040                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.630040                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017395                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.017395                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.672025                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.672025                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.017395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.670112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.667294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.017395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.670112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.667294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88165.281308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88165.281308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88352.591334                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88352.591334                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93344.641342                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93344.641342                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88352.591334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93122.677522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93122.140679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88352.591334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93122.677522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93122.140679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1289158                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1289158                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       518309                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        518309                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       448139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         448139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10008850                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     10008850                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10456989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10458166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10456989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10458166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  35028911000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35028911000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92221000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92221000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 834184013500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 834184013500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92221000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 869212924500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 869305145500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92221000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 869212924500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 869305145500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.630040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.630040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.672025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.672025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.670112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.667294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.670112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.667294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78165.281308                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78165.281308                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78352.591334                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78352.591334                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83344.641342                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83344.641342                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78352.591334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83122.677522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83122.140679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78352.591334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83122.677522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83122.140679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      20882965                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10424799                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10010027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1289158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9135641                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            448139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           448139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10010027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     31341131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     31341131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               31341131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    375914368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    375914368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               375914368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10458166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                10458166    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10458166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         23473158000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36099114750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     31342456                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15669948                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         686656                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       686656                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2023249063500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14961221                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4594970                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        67152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        21600972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           711287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          711287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         67664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     14893557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       202480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     46812484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              47014964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4314112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    605140992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              609455104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10593146                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  41253056                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         26265654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.026143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.159560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               25578997     97.39%     97.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 686657      2.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           26265654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        17357710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          67664000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       15604844000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
