
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.756298                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1756298039500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1756298039500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 435025                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   716370                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1528067322                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 665888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1149.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          144576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       535969344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          536113920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       144576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        144576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    534118592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       534118592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          8374521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8376780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8345603                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8345603                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              82319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          305169927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             305252245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         82319                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            82319                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       304116147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            304116147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       304116147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             82319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         305169927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            609368392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8376780                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8345603                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8376780                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8345603                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              536112384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534116672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               536113920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            534118592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            523421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            523153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            523293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            523790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            523631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            523673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            523553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            523539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            523096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            523494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           523585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           523847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           523792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           523703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           523530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           523656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            521766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            521564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            521726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            521495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           521629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           521803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           521797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           521826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           521668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1756285024500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8376780                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8345603                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8376755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 520928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 520965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 520965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 520966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 520966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 520965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 520965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 520965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 520966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 520970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 520966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 520967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 520987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 520968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 520967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 520964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1424525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    751.288363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   564.362261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   370.278439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       175824     12.34%     12.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        66767      4.69%     17.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        68816      4.83%     21.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        66660      4.68%     26.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        71498      5.02%     31.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        59447      4.17%     35.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        49589      3.48%     39.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        42190      2.96%     42.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       823734     57.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1424525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       520964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.079299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.041993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     16.809779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        520960    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        520964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       520964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.019481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.018368                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.196313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515874     99.02%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               35      0.01%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5051      0.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        520964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 165063822250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            322127997250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41883780000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19704.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38454.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       305.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       304.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    305.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    304.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7606891                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7690913                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     105026.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5088628020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2704669935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             29902698420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21780058500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         85060029600.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          96980438970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           5937456000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    201723955320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     87235331520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     219769692045                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           756202086990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            430.565922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1528146473750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7820807000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   36131886000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 858564836000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 227176285000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  184183106500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 442421119000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               5082480480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2701402440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             29907339420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21783832560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         84710914080.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          96889547340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5908926720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    201207706890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     86735037600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     220289658345                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           755236953795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            430.016395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1528427582000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7755706750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   35982754000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 861271082250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 225873319750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  184126725750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 441288451000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3512596079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3512596079                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8978157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.506813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           262695362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8979181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             29.256049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7508481500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.506813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          517                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         280653724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        280653724                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    156696197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       156696197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    105999165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      105999165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     262695362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        262695362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    262695362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       262695362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       518186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        518186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      8460995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8460995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8979181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8979181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8979181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8979181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  32886485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32886485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 742997850000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 742997850000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 775884335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 775884335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 775884335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 775884335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.073921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63464.634320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63464.634320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87814.476903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87814.476903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86409.254363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86409.254363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86409.254363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86409.254363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8728562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8728562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       518186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       518186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8460995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8460995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8979181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8979181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8979181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8979181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32368299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32368299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 734536855000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 734536855000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 766905154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 766905154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 766905154000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 766905154000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073921                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073921                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62464.634320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62464.634320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86814.476903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86814.476903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85409.254363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85409.254363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85409.254363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85409.254363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           3503776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           436.376555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           671849370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           3504287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            191.722131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   436.376555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.852298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.852298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         678857944                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        678857944                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    671849370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       671849370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     671849370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        671849370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    671849370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       671849370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      3504287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       3504287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      3504287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        3504287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      3504287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       3504287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  45869397500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45869397500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  45869397500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  45869397500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  45869397500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  45869397500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13089.509364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13089.509364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13089.509364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13089.509364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13089.509364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13089.509364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3503776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           3503776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3504287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3504287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3504287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3504287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3504287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3504287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  42365110500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42365110500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  42365110500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42365110500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  42365110500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42365110500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12089.509364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12089.509364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12089.509364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12089.509364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12089.509364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12089.509364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8361305                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16314.851048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    16587711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8377689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.979986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                9439601000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      101.436421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        316.548377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      15896.866250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.006191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.019321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.970268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 108239289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                108239289                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8728562                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8728562                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      3503776                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          3503776                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             166245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                166245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         3502028                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            3502028                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         438415                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            438415                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               3502028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                604660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4106688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              3502028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               604660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4106688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          8294750                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8294750                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2259                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2259                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        79771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           79771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8374521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8376780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8374521                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8376780                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 720094272500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  720094272500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281023500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    281023500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26984537500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  26984537500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     281023500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  747078810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     747359833500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281023500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 747078810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    747359833500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8728562                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8728562                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      3503776                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      3503776                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        8460995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8460995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      3504287                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        3504287                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       518186                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        518186                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           3504287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8979181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             12483468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          3504287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8979181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12483468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.980352                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.980352                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000645                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000645                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.153943                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153943                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.932660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.671030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.932660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.671030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86813.258085                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86813.258085                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 124401.726428                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124401.726428                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 338275.031026                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338275.031026                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 124401.726428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89208.542196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89218.032884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 124401.726428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89208.542196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89218.032884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8345603                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8345603                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8294750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8294750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2259                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2259                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        79771                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        79771                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8374521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8376780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8374521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8376780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 637146772500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 637146772500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    258433500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    258433500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26186827500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26186827500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    258433500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 663333600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 663592033500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    258433500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 663333600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 663592033500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.153943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.932660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.671030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.932660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.671030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76813.258085                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76813.258085                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 114401.726428                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114401.726428                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 328275.031026                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328275.031026                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 114401.726428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79208.542196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79218.032884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 114401.726428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79208.542196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79218.032884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      16736944                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8360164                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              82030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8345603                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            14561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8294750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8294750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         82030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25113724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     25113724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               25113724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1070232512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1070232512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1070232512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8376780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8376780    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8376780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         50133535500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        44074123000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     24965401                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12481933                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1141                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1141                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1756298039500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4022473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     17074165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      3503776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          265297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8460995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8460995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       3504287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       518186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10512350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     26936519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              37448869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    448516032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1133295552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1581811584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8361305                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 534118592                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         20844773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000055                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007402                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               20843631     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1142      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           20844773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        24715038500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        5256430500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       13468771500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
