
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.812529                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1812528824500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1812528824500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 311651                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   546209                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1129754516                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 653364                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1604.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           48704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       406791680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          406840384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        48704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         48704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     71036032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        71036032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6356120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6356881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1109938                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1109938                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              26871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          224433220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             224460091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         26871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            26871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        39191670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             39191670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        39191670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             26871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         224433220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            263651761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6356881                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1109938                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6356881                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1109938                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              406248192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  592192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71032000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               406840384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             71036032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   9253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    36                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            410114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            392416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            392023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            406565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            385265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            387946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            393519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            383681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            393590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            390109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           391252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           394652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           405557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           408689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           405157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           407093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             71665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             70864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             70792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             73799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             67965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             65982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             68663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             65731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             67041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             65781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            66134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            69191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            71738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            71724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            71329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            71476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1812511109500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6356881                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1109938                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6347628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  29273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  30676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5574594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     85.617032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.720434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.935351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5030947     90.25%     90.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       390173      7.00%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        38650      0.69%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19472      0.35%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14683      0.26%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        14535      0.26%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9556      0.17%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7716      0.14%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48862      0.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5574594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      96.732719                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     57.632667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    114.770221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         58061     88.48%     88.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         7093     10.81%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767          423      0.64%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           39      0.06%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.913670                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.885117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.985671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            34945     53.25%     53.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1403      2.14%     55.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            29264     44.60%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 200589221750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            319607246750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                31738140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     31600.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50350.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       224.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        39.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    224.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     39.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1334362                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  548547                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 21.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                49.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     242742.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    25.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              19788938400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              10518070200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             22501917060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2899506420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         133046203680.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          99365166210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4423169280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    507043185360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     87444522240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      67293423990                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           954340941240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            526.524557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1583059252000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5449013750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   56378394000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 243409821500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 227720797750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  167636001250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1111934796250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              20013662760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              10637514030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             22820146860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2894041080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         133295132880.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         100111048260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4586752800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    505604551530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     88062431040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      67370964765                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           955415556435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            527.117441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1580995544750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5539850250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   56486376000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 242888231000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 229329038500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  169503209750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1108782119000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3625057649                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966681                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046955                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505516                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763597                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285041                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3625057649                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420257     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285041     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313784                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16302460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.929886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           277474753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16302972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.019888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         779116500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.929886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         310080697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        310080697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    206029419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       206029419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71445334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71445334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     277474753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        277474753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    277474753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       277474753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     15269749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      15269749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1033223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1033223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16302972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16302972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16302972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16302972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 757727056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 757727056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  31619960500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31619960500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 789347016500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 789347016500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 789347016500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 789347016500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49622.757781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49622.757781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30603.229409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30603.229409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48417.369330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48417.369330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48417.369330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48417.369330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5389863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5389863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     15269749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15269749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1033223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1033223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16302972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16302972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16302972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16302972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 742457307000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 742457307000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30586737500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30586737500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 773044044500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 773044044500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 773044044500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 773044044500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014256                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014256                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48622.757781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48622.757781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29603.229409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29603.229409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47417.369330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47417.369330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47417.369330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47417.369330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           5693450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.998623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           671624365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           5693578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            117.961740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          83285500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.998623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         683011521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        683011521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    671624365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       671624365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     671624365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        671624365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    671624365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       671624365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      5693578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       5693578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      5693578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        5693578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      5693578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       5693578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  74089914500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74089914500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  74089914500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  74089914500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  74089914500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  74089914500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.008406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.008406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.008406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13012.891805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13012.891805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13012.891805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13012.891805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13012.891805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13012.891805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5693450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           5693450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      5693578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5693578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      5693578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5693578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      5693578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5693578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  68396336500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  68396336500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  68396336500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  68396336500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  68396336500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  68396336500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.008406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.008406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.008406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12012.891805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12012.891805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12012.891805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12012.891805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12012.891805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12012.891805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6347654                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16326.008122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    37615611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6364038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.910652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               14971907000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       25.633663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         16.773144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16283.601315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.993872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3587                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  94348958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 94348958                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5389863                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          5389863                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      5693450                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          5693450                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             823753                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                823753                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         5692817                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            5692817                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        9123099                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           9123099                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               5692817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               9946852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 15639669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              5692817                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              9946852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                15639669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           209470                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              209470                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           761                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              761                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6146650                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6146650                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6356120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6356881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                761                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6356120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6356881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  20383594000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   20383594000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68210500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     68210500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 623751343500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 623751343500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      68210500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  644134937500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     644203148000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68210500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 644134937500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    644203148000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5389863                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5389863                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      5693450                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      5693450                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1033223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1033223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      5693578                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        5693578                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     15269749                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      15269749                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           5693578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16302972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             21996550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          5693578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16302972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            21996550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.202735                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.202735                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.402538                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.402538                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.389875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.288994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.389875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.288994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97310.326061                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97310.326061                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89632.720105                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89632.720105                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101478.259458                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101478.259458                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89632.720105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101340.902547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101339.500928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89632.720105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101340.902547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101339.500928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1109938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1109938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        12811                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         12811                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       209470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         209470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          761                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          761                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6146650                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6146650                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6356120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6356881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6356120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6356881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18288894000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18288894000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60600500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60600500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 562284843500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 562284843500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60600500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 580573737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 580634338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60600500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 580573737500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 580634338000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.202735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.202735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.402538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.389875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.288994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.389875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.288994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87310.326061                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87310.326061                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79632.720105                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79632.720105                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91478.259458                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91478.259458                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79632.720105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91340.902547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91339.500928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79632.720105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91340.902547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91339.500928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      12697250                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6340369                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6147411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1109938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5230431                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            209470                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           209470                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6147411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19054131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19054131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19054131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    477876416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    477876416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               477876416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           6356881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6356881    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             6356881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17153736500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35433514250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     43992460                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     21995910                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          20096                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        20096                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1812528824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          20963327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6499801                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      5693450                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        16150313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1033223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1033223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       5693578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     15269749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17080606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48908404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              65989010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    728769792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1388341440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2117111232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6347654                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  71036032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         28344204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.026618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               28324108     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  20096      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           28344204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        33079543000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        8540367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       24454458000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
