
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.082211                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2082210889500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2082210889500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 294535                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   516210                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1226566659                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 600516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1697.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           41280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       337485504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          337526784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        41280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         41280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     42242368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        42242368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10546422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10547712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1320074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1320074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              19825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          162080366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             162100192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         19825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            19825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        20287267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             20287267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        20287267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             19825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         162080366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            182387458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10547712                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1320074                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10547712                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1320074                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              673608640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1444928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                76600128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               337526784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             42242368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  22577                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                123171                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            672215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            650825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            652693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            692082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            647008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            644544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            665805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            641067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            646520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            645887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           649169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           655158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           666065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           669857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           660512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           665728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             74890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             91973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             75925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             70286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             78125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             69506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            70013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            73396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            75455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            75058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            75284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2082209976500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              10547712                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1320074                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10525135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  16821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  18067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  72554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  72622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  72623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  72624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  72622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  72623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  72622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  72623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  72625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  72638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  72624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  72634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  72672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  72642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  72631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  72621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6072712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.537672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.064338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.925694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2258505     37.19%     37.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3581226     58.97%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        93426      1.54%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23476      0.39%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12963      0.21%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10421      0.17%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12086      0.20%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9314      0.15%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        71295      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6072712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        72621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     144.931742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     76.840342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    213.563605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         60520     83.34%     83.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         6355      8.75%     92.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         5113      7.04%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          243      0.33%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279          149      0.21%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           90      0.12%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           61      0.08%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           27      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           15      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           15      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            6      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         72621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        72621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.481142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.460276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.846115                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            54555     75.12%     75.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1246      1.72%     76.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            16765     23.09%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               55      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         72621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 244803071000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            442149352250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                52625675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23258.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42008.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       323.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        36.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    162.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     20.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5140582                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  508717                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                42.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     175450.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              21739315080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11554716195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             37600946460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3193136640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         157445567760.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         130828832190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4846317600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    636067418070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     75976032480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      53380466235                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1132653881610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            543.966937                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1782637521000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5262707500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   66690380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 189899018500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 197854825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  227619942000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1394884015750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              21619855740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11491225845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             37548517440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3054561300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         157720311840.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         130861069680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5119762080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    629203450140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     77329662720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      57041751000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1131007913325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            543.176445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1781858576000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5638630000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   66817886000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 200651171000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 201379551500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  227889756500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1379833894500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4164421779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4164421779                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          19305761                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.882923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           274505064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          19306785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.218062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         769059500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.882923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         606930483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        606930483                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    203251062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       203251062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71254002                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71254002                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     274505064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        274505064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    274505064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       274505064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     18082228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      18082228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1224557                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1224557                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     19306785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       19306785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     19306785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      19306785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1066418062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1066418062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  53078567500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  53078567500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1119496629500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1119496629500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1119496629500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1119496629500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58976.032268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58976.032268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43345.117867                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43345.117867                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57984.621961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57984.621961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57984.621961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57984.621961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4985464                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           4985464                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     18082228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18082228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1224557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1224557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19306785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     19306785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19306785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     19306785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1048335834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1048335834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51854010500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51854010500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1100189844500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1100189844500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1100189844500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1100189844500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57976.032268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57976.032268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42345.117867                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42345.117867                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56984.621961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56984.621961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56984.621961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56984.621961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            901335                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           500.168312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           676416104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            901840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            750.040034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   500.168312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.976891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1355537728                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1355537728                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    676416104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       676416104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     676416104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        676416104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    676416104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       676416104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        901840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         901840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        901840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11826307000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11826307000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11826307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11826307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11826307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11826307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13113.531225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13113.531225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13113.531225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13113.531225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13113.531225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13113.531225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       901335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            901335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       901840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       901840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       901840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10924467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10924467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10924467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10924467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10924467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10924467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12113.531225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12113.531225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12113.531225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12113.531225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12113.531225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12113.531225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10637769                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32636.076088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    29395522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10670537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.754831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               23040331000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      299.684895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          4.289755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32332.101437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.009146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.986697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9098                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  51086257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 51086257                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4985464                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          4985464                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       901334                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           901334                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             766798                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                766798                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          900550                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             900550                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        7993565                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           7993565                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                900550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               8760363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  9660913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               900550                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              8760363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 9660913                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           457759                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              457759                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1290                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1290                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     10088663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10088663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10546422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10547712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10546422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10547712                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  41965796000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   41965796000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    115931000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    115931000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 937279992500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 937279992500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     115931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  979245788500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     979361719500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    115931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 979245788500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    979361719500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4985464                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4985464                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       901334                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       901334                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1224557                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1224557                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       901840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         901840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     18082228                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      18082228                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            901840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          19306785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             20208625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           901840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         19306785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            20208625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.373816                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.373816                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001430                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001430                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.557933                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.557933                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.546255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.521941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.546255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.521941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91676.615861                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91676.615861                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89868.992248                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89868.992248                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92904.282014                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92904.282014                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89868.992248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92850.996148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92850.631445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89868.992248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92850.996148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92850.631445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1320074                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1320074                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       349661                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        349661                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       457759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         457759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1290                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1290                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10088663                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     10088663                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10546422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10547712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10546422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10547712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  37388206000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37388206000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    103031000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103031000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 836393362500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 836393362500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    103031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 873781568500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 873884599500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    103031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 873781568500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 873884599500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.373816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.557933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.557933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.546255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.521941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.546255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.521941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81676.615861                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81676.615861                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79868.992248                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79868.992248                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82904.282014                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82904.282014                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79868.992248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82850.996148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82850.631445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79868.992248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82850.996148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82850.631445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      21062143                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10514431                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10089953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1320074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9194357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            457759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           457759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10089953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     31609855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     31609855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               31609855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    379769152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    379769152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               379769152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10547712                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                10547712    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10547712                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         23715971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36408023750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     40415721                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     20207096                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         472999                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       472999                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2082210889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          18984068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6305538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       901335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        23637992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1224557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1224557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        901840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     18082228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2705015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     57919331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              60624346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     57701600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    777351968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              835053568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10637769                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  42242368                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         30846394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.015334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.122878                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               30373394     98.47%     98.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 473000      1.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           30846394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        23151260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         901840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       19306785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
