
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.069581                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2069581229500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2069581229500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 316366                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   554472                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1309491623                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 600640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1580.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           53024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       335286720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          335339744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        53024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         53024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     41352704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        41352704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10477710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10479367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1292272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1292272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              25621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          162007036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             162032656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         25621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        19981194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             19981194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        19981194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             25621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         162007036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            182013850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10479367                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1292272                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10479367                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1292272                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              669768832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  910656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                75163968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               335339744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             41352704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  14229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                117803                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            669186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            647455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            650359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            679141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            641183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            641382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            658161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            639399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            644470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            643033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           646364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           653017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           663366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           666751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           658132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           663739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             74521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             83367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             72974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             69380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             74016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            69539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            72944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            75025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            75016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2069563931500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              10479367                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1292272                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10465138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  16004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  17323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  71175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  71315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  71317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  71318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  71315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  71316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  71318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  71316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  71323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  71341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  71331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  71326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  71406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  71351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  71345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  71314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6022305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.695628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.238980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   120.065778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2223170     36.92%     36.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3570951     59.30%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        89660      1.49%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23147      0.38%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12980      0.22%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10270      0.17%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11609      0.19%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9225      0.15%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        71293      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6022305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        71314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     146.746515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     76.835043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    220.375199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         65582     91.96%     91.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023         5291      7.42%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535          245      0.34%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047          104      0.15%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559           49      0.07%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           19      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583           11      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            8      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         71314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        71314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.468534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.448058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.838324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            53993     75.71%     75.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1317      1.85%     77.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            15916     22.32%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               88      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         71314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 245103932000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            441325269500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                52325690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23420.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42170.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       323.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        36.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    162.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     19.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5119845                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  497425                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                42.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     175809.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              21480747120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11417287860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             37315539240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3096363060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         156267302880.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         130048184700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4962235680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    617475611220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     82922867040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      56829247305                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1121836515825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            542.059666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1771414561250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5647349000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   66198248000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 201360280250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 215943376500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  226316948500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1354115027250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              21518510580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11437359615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             37405546080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3034198080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         156845679120.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         130369784970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5123403360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    616296695040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     84587573280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      56477869425                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1123114641630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            542.677245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1770291297000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5693250500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   66446406000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 198492323750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 220280903000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  227142261250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1351526085000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4139162459                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4139162459                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16318885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.514132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           277490916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16320933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.002148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1326352500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.514132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         603944631                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        603944631                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    205855337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       205855337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71635579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71635579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     277490916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        277490916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    277490916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       277490916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     15477953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      15477953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       842980                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       842980                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16320933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16320933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16320933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16320933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1031823074500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1031823074500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  45305367500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  45305367500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1077128442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1077128442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1077128442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1077128442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66664.052701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66664.052701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53744.297018                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53744.297018                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65996.744304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65996.744304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65996.744304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65996.744304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3693434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3693434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     15477953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15477953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       842980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       842980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16320933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16320933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16320933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16320933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1016345121500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016345121500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44462387500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44462387500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1060807509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1060807509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1060807509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1060807509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011631                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011631                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65664.052701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65664.052701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52744.297018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52744.297018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64996.744304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64996.744304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64996.744304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64996.744304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           3126573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.996404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           674191115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           3126829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            215.614962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle         104631500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.996404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1357762717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1357762717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    674191115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       674191115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     674191115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        674191115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    674191115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       674191115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      3126829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       3126829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      3126829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        3126829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      3126829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       3126829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  40799171500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40799171500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  40799171500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  40799171500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  40799171500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  40799171500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13048.098089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13048.098089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13048.098089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13048.098089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13048.098089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13048.098089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3126573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           3126573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3126829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3126829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3126829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3126829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3126829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3126829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37672342500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37672342500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37672342500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37672342500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37672342500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37672342500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12048.098089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12048.098089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12048.098089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12048.098089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12048.098089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12048.098089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10631345                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32617.357857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    27664470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10664113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.594165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               26147666000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      514.413685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          7.904878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32095.039293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.015699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.979463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          577                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  49557332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 49557332                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3693434                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3693434                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      3126572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          3126572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             393493                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                393493                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         3125172                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            3125172                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        5449730                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           5449730                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               3125172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               5843223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  8968395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              3125172                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              5843223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 8968395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           449487                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              449487                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1657                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1657                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     10028223                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10028223                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10477710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10479367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10477710                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10479367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39066241000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   39066241000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    167792000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    167792000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 935906019500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 935906019500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     167792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  974972260500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     975140052500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    167792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 974972260500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    975140052500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3693434                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3693434                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      3126572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      3126572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         842980                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            842980                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      3126829                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        3126829                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     15477953                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      15477953                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           3126829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16320933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             19447762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          3126829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16320933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            19447762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.533212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.533212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000530                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000530                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.647904                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.647904                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.641980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.538847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.641980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.538847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86912.949651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86912.949651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101262.522631                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101262.522631                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93327.204581                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93327.204581                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101262.522631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93052.037182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93053.335426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101262.522631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93052.037182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93053.335426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1292272                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1292272                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       564636                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        564636                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       449487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         449487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1657                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1657                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10028223                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     10028223                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10477710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10479367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10477710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10479367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34571371000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34571371000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    151222000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151222000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 835623789500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 835623789500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    151222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 870195160500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 870346382500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    151222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 870195160500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 870346382500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.533212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.647904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.641980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.538847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.641980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.538847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76912.949651                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76912.949651                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91262.522631                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91262.522631                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83327.204581                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83327.204581                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91262.522631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83052.037182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83053.335426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91262.522631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83052.037182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83053.335426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      20925630                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10446263                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10029880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1292272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9153991                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            449487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           449487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10029880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     31404997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     31404997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               31404997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    376692448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    376692448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               376692448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10479367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                10479367    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10479367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         23522551000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36174664500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     38893220                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19445458                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         749718                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       749718                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2069581229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          18604782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4985706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      3126573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        21964524                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           842980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          842980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       3126829                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     15477953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9380231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48960751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              58340982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    200108864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    640459744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              840568608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10631345                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  41352704                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         30079107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.024925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.155896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               29329388     97.51%     97.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 749719      2.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           30079107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        22856613500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3126829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16320933000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
