
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.711646                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1711645562500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1711645562500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 509816                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   839532                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1745249917                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 666404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   980.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          134528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       536055168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          536189696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       134528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        134528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    534103552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       534103552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          8375862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8377964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8345368                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8345368                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              78596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          313181175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             313259770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         78596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            78596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       312040976                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            312040976                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       312040976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             78596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         313181175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            625300747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8377964                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8345368                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8377964                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8345368                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              536187520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               534101888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               536189696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            534103552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     34                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            523418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            523182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            523368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            523922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            523769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            523714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            523567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            523674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            523156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            523511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           523678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           523943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           523852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           523793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           523641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           523742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            521518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            521310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            521543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            521747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            521541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            521708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            521444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            521532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            521294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            521437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           521570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           521757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           521809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           521810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           521665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           521657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1711622640500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8377964                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8345368                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8377929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 520920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 520956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 520956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 520956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 520956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 520956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 520957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 520956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 520959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 520956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 520958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 520958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 521034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 520961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 520956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 520955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1412826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    757.552174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   559.267445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   376.360305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       193764     13.71%     13.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        62569      4.43%     18.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        61613      4.36%     22.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        50361      3.56%     26.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        65036      4.60%     30.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        38320      2.71%     33.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        43561      3.08%     36.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        64466      4.56%     41.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       833136     58.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1412826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       520955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.081834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.043723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     16.700709                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        520952    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        520955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       520955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.019315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.018204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.196180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515925     99.03%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               57      0.01%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4914      0.94%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               59      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        520955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 163606859250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            320693046750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41889650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19528.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38278.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       313.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       312.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    313.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    312.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7615828                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7694618                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     102349.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5047958580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2683053615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             29906703960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21779630460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         84161425920.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          95703159030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           6148464000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    200281133130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     86459932800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     210538408680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           742736665695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            433.931345                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1485575945000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8286491750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   35751412000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 821329969000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 225150643000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  182017789500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 439109257250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               5039619060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2678621055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             29911716240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21783054780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         83657421120.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          95482734330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           6130990080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    199509399870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     85735134720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     211350729900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           741303282075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            433.093916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1486100898500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8215012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   35534198000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 825445366500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 223265170500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  181730885000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 437454930500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3423291125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     823366692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             821415783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66619246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     5652773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     57208853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    821415783                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66619246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1637209917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          639871082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66766836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              208042                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            319714243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           287984022                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     271673939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   157213791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  114460148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3423291125                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          69678400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                202234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 550028817     66.80%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   125092      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1153479      0.14%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  183131      0.02%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                157213791     19.09%     86.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               114460148     13.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  823366692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8420614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2045.540164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           263251881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8422662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.255188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7987143500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2045.540164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         551771748                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        551771748                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    157101552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       157101552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    106150329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      106150329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     263251881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        263251881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    263251881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       263251881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       112831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        112831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      8309831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8309831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8422662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8422662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8422662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8422662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26677252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26677252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 740558410500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 740558410500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 767235662500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 767235662500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 767235662500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 767235662500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    157214383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157214383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    114460160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114460160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    271674543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 236435.483156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 236435.483156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89118.347954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89118.347954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91091.826135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91091.826135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91091.826135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91091.826135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8386645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8386645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       112831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       112831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8309831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8309831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8422662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8422662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8422662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8422662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26564421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26564421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 732248579500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 732248579500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 758813000500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 758813000500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 758813000500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 758813000500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072600                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072600                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 235435.483156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235435.483156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88118.347954                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88118.347954                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90091.826135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90091.826135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90091.826135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90091.826135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            460152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           730.015351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           674892537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            461120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1463.594156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   730.015351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.712906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.712906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          880                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1351168434                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1351168434                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    674892537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       674892537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     674892537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        674892537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    674892537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       674892537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       461120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        461120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       461120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         461120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       461120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        461120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6265900000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6265900000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6265900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6265900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6265900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6265900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13588.436849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13588.436849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13588.436849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13588.436849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13588.436849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13588.436849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       460152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            460152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       461120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       461120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       461120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       461120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       461120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       461120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5804780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5804780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5804780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5804780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5804780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5804780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12588.436849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12588.436849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12588.436849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12588.436849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12588.436849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12588.436849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8367760                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16312.765166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9378691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8384144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.118622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                9586913000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      337.852629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        159.024181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      15815.888356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.020621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.009706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.965325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          927                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  43913238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 43913238                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8386645                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8386645                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       460152                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           460152                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              14843                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14843                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          459018                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             459018                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          31957                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             31957                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                459018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 46800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   505818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               459018                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                46800                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  505818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          8294988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8294988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2102                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2102                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        80874                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           80874                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8375862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8377964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8375862                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8377964                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 719627953000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  719627953000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    285816000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    285816000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26059582500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  26059582500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     285816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  745687535500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     745973351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    285816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 745687535500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    745973351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8386645                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8386645                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       460152                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       460152                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        8309831                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8309831                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       461120                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         461120                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       112831                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        112831                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            461120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8422662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8883782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           461120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8422662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8883782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.998214                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998214                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004558                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.004558                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.716771                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.716771                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.004558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.994444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.943063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.004558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.994444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.943063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86754.550218                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86754.550218                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 135973.358706                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135973.358706                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 322224.478819                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 322224.478819                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 135973.358706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89028.154416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89039.932793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 135973.358706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89028.154416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89039.932793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8345368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8345368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1712                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1712                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8294988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8294988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2102                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2102                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        80874                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        80874                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8375862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8377964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8375862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8377964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 636678073000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 636678073000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    264796000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264796000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25250842500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25250842500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    264796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 661928915500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 662193711500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    264796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 661928915500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 662193711500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.716771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.943063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.943063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76754.550218                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76754.550218                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 125973.358706                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125973.358706                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 312224.478819                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312224.478819                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 125973.358706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79028.154416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79039.932793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 125973.358706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79028.154416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79039.932793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      16738591                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8360627                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              82976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8345368                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            15259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8294988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8294988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         82976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25116555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     25116555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               25116555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1070293248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1070293248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1070293248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8377964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8377964    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8377964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         50126478000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        44076730500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17764548                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8880766                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           8845                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8845                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1711645562500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            573951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16732013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       460152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           56361                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8309831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8309831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        461120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       112831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1382392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25265938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              26648330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     58961408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1075795648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1134757056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8367760                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 534103552                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         17251542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000513                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               17242696     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   8846      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           17251542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        17729071000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         691680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12633993000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
