
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.096259                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1096259361500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1096259361500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 416556                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   608546                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              913305802                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 659272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1200.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           58016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        31649216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           31707232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        58016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         58016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18005952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18005952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           989038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              990851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        562686                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             562686                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              52922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           28870190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              28923112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         52922                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            52922                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16424901                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16424901                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16424901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             52922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          28870190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             45348013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      990851                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     562686                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    990851                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   562686                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               63385984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   28480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                31422464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                31707232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18005952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    445                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 71690                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             64809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             62852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             61548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             60498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             59645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             60136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             62412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             61480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             58856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             58154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            61592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            63002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            63611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            63349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            63937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            64525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             32228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             31035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             30352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             29698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             29074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             28981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             30153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             30268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             29789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             29596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            30738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            31046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            31493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            31969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            32304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            32252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1096256116500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                990851                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               562686                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  973962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  16713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  17960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  28506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  28518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  28516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  28515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  28517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  28513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  28513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  28515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  28517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  28514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  28513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  28525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  28570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  28529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  28514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  28513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       737220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.602566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    92.151435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.432249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       518320     70.31%     70.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       138560     18.79%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        29856      4.05%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12238      1.66%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17368      2.36%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4722      0.64%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1921      0.26%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1507      0.20%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12728      1.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       737220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      34.257111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     26.563626                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    278.042581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        28501     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            6      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         28513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.219374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.192298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.957479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10544     36.98%     36.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1254      4.40%     41.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            16631     58.33%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               84      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         28513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  26494033500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             45064146000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4952030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26750.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45500.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        57.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        28.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     28.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   531625                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  212536                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 53.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                43.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     705651.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2607028200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1385664555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3522733200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1262138580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         42643723200.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          24735232080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1623261120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    144982572300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     43242980160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     149636875170                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           415651511805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            379.154354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1037763357250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2327167500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   18082012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 607211387250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 112610711250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   38084153750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 317943929750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2656729740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1412085345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3548765640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1300756140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         42538005120.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          24839672040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1615737600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    143683447110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     43442016000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     150205664955                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           415253679540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            378.791453                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1037514333250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2304269500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   18038120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 609329096500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 113128176500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   38364423750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 315095275250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2192518723                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245121                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2192518723                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349067     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038710      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2422595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4083.077755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293558783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2426691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            120.970813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3963764500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4083.077755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2848                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         594397639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        594397639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224231623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224231623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69327160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69327160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293558783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293558783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293558783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293558783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1698755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1698755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       711552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       711552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2410307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2410307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2426691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2426691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  66262081500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66262081500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  48860401000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  48860401000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 115122482500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 115122482500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 115122482500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 115122482500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39006.261350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39006.261350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68667.365140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68667.365140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47762.580659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47762.580659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47440.107743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47440.107743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3072                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   204.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1127257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1127257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1698755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1698755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       711552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       711552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2410307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2410307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2426691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2426691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  64563326500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64563326500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  48148849000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48148849000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1355358000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1355358000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 112712175500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 112712175500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 114067533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 114067533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38006.261350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38006.261350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67667.365140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67667.365140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82724.487305                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82724.487305                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46762.580659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46762.580659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47005.380372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47005.380372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1091.497633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          377068.589687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1091.497633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.532958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.532958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.729492                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1374797547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1374797547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    164171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    164171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    164171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90055.403182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90055.403182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90055.403182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90055.403182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90055.403182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90055.403182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          329                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               329                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    162348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    162348000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    162348000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    162348000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    162348000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89055.403182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89055.403182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89055.403182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89055.403182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89055.403182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89055.403182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    979286                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32637.712688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3824455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1012054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.778904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                5514340000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      441.213367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         33.767996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32162.731324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.013465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.981529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  10714928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 10714928                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1127257                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1127257                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          329                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              329                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             236741                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                236741                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              10                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 10                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1200912                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1200912                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1437653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1437663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1437653                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1437663                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           474811                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              474811                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1813                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1813                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       514227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          514227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              989038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 990851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1813                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             989038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                990851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  44595740500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   44595740500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    159507500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    159507500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  50736400000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  50736400000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     159507500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   95332140500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      95491648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    159507500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  95332140500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     95491648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1127257                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1127257                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          329                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          329                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         711552                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            711552                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1823                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1823                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1715139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1715139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2426691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2428514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2426691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2428514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.667289                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.667289                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994515                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.994515                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.299817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.299817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.994515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.407567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.408007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.994515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.407567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.408007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93923.140997                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93923.140997                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87979.867623                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87979.867623                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98665.375408                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98665.375408                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87979.867623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 96388.754022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96373.367943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87979.867623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 96388.754022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96373.367943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               562686                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    562686                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        14928                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         14928                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       474811                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         474811                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1813                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1813                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       514227                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       514227                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         989038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            990851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        989038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           990851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39847630500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39847630500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    141377500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141377500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  45594130000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45594130000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    141377500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  85441760500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  85583138000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    141377500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  85441760500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  85583138000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.667289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.667289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.299817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.407567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.408007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.407567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.408007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83923.140997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83923.140997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77979.867623                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77979.867623                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88665.375408                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88665.375408                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77979.867623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86388.754022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86373.367943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77979.867623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86388.754022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86373.367943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1947425                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       956574                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             516040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       562686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           393888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            474811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           474811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        516040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2938276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2938276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2938276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49713184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     49713184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                49713184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            990851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  990851    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              990851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3072806500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3366514000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4851438                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2422924                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          37640                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        37640                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1096259361500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1716962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1689943                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1711938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           711552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          711552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1715139                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7275977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7279952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        68864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    113726336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              113795200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          979286                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  18005952                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3407800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.011046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.104516                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3370159     98.90%     98.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  37641      1.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3407800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2989512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1823000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2426691000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
