
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.041637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2041637311500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2041637311500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 250718                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   439415                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1023748887                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 656004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1994.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           37728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       319674432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          319712160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        37728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         37728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     39441376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        39441376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          9989826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             9991005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1232543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1232543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              18479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          156577483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             156595963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         18479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            18479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        19318503                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             19318503                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        19318503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             18479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         156577483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            175914465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     9991005                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1232543                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   9991005                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1232543                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              639112832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  311488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                74945280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               319712160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             39441376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   4867                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 61495                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            640674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            621084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            622532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            633059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            610946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            615814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            619675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            611583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            620110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            615432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           615126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           623722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           632614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           637665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           631506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           634596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             74508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             79541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             72191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             69870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             71829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             69558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            69439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            72870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            75286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            75247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2041619512500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               9991005                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1232543                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 9986138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  19042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  70863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  70877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  70876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  70876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  70879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  70879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  70878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  70876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  70876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  70880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  70877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  70877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  70882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  70879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  70876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  70875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5558799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.455465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.010888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.928969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1746104     31.41%     31.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3577147     64.35%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        96889      1.74%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        27454      0.49%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16090      0.29%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11914      0.21%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10322      0.19%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8329      0.15%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        64550      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5558799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        70875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     140.896832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     75.484270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    191.634582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        70767     99.85%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047          107      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         70875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        70875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.522328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.500238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.870202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            51832     73.13%     73.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1079      1.52%     74.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            17953     25.33%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         70875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 233938853500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            421178941000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                49930690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23426.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42176.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       313.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        36.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    156.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     19.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5062061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  536298                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     181905.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              19744042080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              10494207240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             35524120380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3065831280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         153267859680.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         123876081630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4939946400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    603433124280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     81799591680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      62189711835                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1098365395035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            537.982619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1757041575000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5742809500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   64939066000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 220708082500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 213019316000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  213910683250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1323317354250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              19945782780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              10601434965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             35776904940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3046893120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         153333011520.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         124448974950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5077232640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    602174730150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     82401838560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      62120304570                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1098963059625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.275357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1755412778250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5760683500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   64967088000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 220274254750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 214587854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  215487463500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1320559967750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4083274623                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966681                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046955                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505516                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763597                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285041                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4083274623                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420257     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285041     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313784                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          19136763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.894498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           274674061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          19137787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.352446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         685925500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.894498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          684                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1194385179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1194385179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    203350996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       203350996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71323065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71323065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     274674061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        274674061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    274674061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       274674061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     17982293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      17982293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1155494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1155494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     19137787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       19137787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     19137787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      19137787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1022828705500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1022828705500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  51109932500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  51109932500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1073938638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1073938638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1073938638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1073938638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56879.770867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56879.770867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44232.105489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44232.105489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56116.134953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56116.134953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56116.134953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56116.134953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5964742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5964742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     17982293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17982293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1155494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1155494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19137787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     19137787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19137787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     19137787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1004846412500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1004846412500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49954438500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49954438500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1054800851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1054800851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1054800851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1054800851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55879.770867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55879.770867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43232.105489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43232.105489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55116.134953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55116.134953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55116.134953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55116.134953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1303772                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.996815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           676013915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1304028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            518.404448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle         104455500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.996815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2710575800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2710575800                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    676013915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       676013915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     676013915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        676013915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    676013915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       676013915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1304028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1304028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1304028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1304028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1304028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1304028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17043082500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17043082500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17043082500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  17043082500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17043082500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  17043082500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13069.567908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13069.567908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13069.567908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13069.567908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13069.567908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13069.567908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1303772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1303772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1304028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1304028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1304028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1304028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1304028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1304028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15739054500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15739054500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15739054500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15739054500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15739054500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15739054500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12069.567908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12069.567908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12069.567908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12069.567908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12069.567908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12069.567908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   9959022                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32659.574878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    30890477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   9991790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.091586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               18400577000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        6.345791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         13.846430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32639.382656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.996075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          549                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 173521186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                173521186                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5964742                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          5964742                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1303771                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1303771                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             714267                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                714267                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         1302849                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1302849                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        8433694                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           8433694                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               1302849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               9147961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 10450810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              1302849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              9147961                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                10450810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           441227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              441227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1179                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1179                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      9548599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9548599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             9989826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                9991005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            9989826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               9991005                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  40721394000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   40721394000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    103097000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    103097000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 889319185000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 889319185000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     103097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  930040579000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     930143676000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    103097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 930040579000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    930143676000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5964742                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5964742                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1303771                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1303771                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1155494                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1155494                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1304028                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1304028                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     17982293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      17982293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           1304028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          19137787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             20441815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          1304028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         19137787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            20441815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.381851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.381851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000904                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000904                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.531000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.531000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.521995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.488753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.521995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.488753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92291.255975                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92291.255975                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87444.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87444.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93136.090960                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93136.090960                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87444.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93098.776595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93098.109349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87444.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93098.776595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93098.109349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1232543                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1232543                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           82                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            82                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       441227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         441227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1179                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1179                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9548599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      9548599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        9989826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           9991005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       9989826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          9991005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36309124000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36309124000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     91307000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91307000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 793833195000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 793833195000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     91307000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 830142319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 830233626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     91307000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 830142319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 830233626000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.381851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.531000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.531000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.521995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.488753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.521995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.488753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82291.255975                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82291.255975                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77444.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77444.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83136.090960                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83136.090960                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77444.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83098.776595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83098.109349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77444.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83098.776595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83098.109349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      19948984                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9957979                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9549778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1232543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8725436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            441227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           441227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       9549778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     29939989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     29939989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               29939989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    359153536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    359153536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               359153536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           9991005                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 9991005    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             9991005                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         22427734000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        34426922000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     40882350                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     20440535                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1125                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1125                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2041637311500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          19286321                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7197285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1303772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        21898500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1155494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1155494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1304028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     17982293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3911828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     57412337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              61324165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     83449600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    803280928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              886730528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         9959022                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  39441376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         30400837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.006086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               30399711    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1126      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           30400837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        24075432000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1304028000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       19137787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
