
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.062108                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2062108109500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2062108109500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 296691                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   519988                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1223615950                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 600024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1685.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           38144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       319678464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          319716608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        38144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         38144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     39442336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        39442336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          9989952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             9991144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1232573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1232573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              18498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          155025075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             155043572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         18498                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            18498                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        19127191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             19127191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        19127191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             18498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         155025075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            174170764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     9991144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1232573                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   9991144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1232573                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              639122496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  310720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                74933888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               319716608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             39442336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   4855                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 61704                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            640671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            621105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            622528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            633047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            610914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            615814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            619837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            611593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            620122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            615423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           615132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           623710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           632620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           637670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           631518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           634585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             74397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             74474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             79541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             72176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             69870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             71851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             69589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            69384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            72861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            75293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            75219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2062090026500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               9991144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              1232573                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 9986289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  18063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  19140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  70838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  70855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  70853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  70853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  70854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  70853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  70856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  70853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  70854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  70856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  70853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  70853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  70861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  70854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  70853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  70852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5557837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.477389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.034713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.987153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1743500     31.37%     31.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3579885     64.41%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        95999      1.73%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        27451      0.49%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        15139      0.27%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12478      0.22%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10418      0.19%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8417      0.15%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        64550      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5557837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        70852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     140.944800                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     75.522939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    191.674557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        70737     99.84%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047          114      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         70852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        70852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.525179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.503015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.871612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            51713     72.99%     72.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1076      1.52%     74.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            18055     25.48%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         70852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 233117037500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            420359956250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                49931445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23343.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42093.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       309.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        36.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    155.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     19.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5062815                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  536479                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     183726.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              19739822340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              10491964395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             35525134260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3065283180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         154664936400.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         124005820470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           5056545600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    600012354210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     89083577760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      64640208390                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1106314318755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.496757                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1776931866000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5998933000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   65533532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 229128678500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 231989333500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  213639891750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1315817740750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              19943133840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              10600027020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             35776969200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3046512060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         154834577040.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         124585686030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5212586400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    599796042630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     88730093760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      64715304615                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1107273944715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            536.962118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1775233050500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6054866250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   65607428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 228835739250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 231067174750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  215203225500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1315339675750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4124216219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4124216219                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939430      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420252     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285042     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478556      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          20914815                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.855029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           272896010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          20915839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.047337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         816510500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.855029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          662                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         314727688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        314727688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    201939647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       201939647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     70956363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       70956363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     272896010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        272896010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    272896010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       272896010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      19393643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1522196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1522196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      20915839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1041576354000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1041576354000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  54664990500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  54664990500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1096241344500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1096241344500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1096241344500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1096241344500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221333290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293811849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021002                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021002                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53707.101549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53707.101549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35911.926257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35911.926257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52412.018686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52412.018686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52412.018686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52412.018686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6906898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           6906898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     19393643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1522196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1522196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     20915839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20915839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1022182711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1022182711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  53142794500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53142794500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1075325505500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1075325505500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1075325505500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1075325505500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021002                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021002                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52707.101549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52707.101549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34911.926257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34911.926257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51412.018686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51412.018686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51412.018686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51412.018686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1300405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           454.844644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           676017079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1300865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            519.667359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   454.844644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.888368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         678618809                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        678618809                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    676017079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       676017079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     676017079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        676017079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    676017079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       676017079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1300865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1300865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17003670000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17003670000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17003670000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  17003670000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17003670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  17003670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13071.048879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13071.048879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13071.048879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13071.048879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13071.048879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13071.048879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1300405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1300405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1300865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1300865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15702805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15702805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15702805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15702805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15702805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15702805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12071.048879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12071.048879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12071.048879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12071.048879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12071.048879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12071.048879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   9958712                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32660.988356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    34440444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   9991480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.446981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               18343179000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        1.767391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         11.364273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      32647.856691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.996334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9665                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 187719176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                187719176                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6906898                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          6906898                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1300405                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1300405                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1080951                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1080951                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         1299673                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1299673                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        9844936                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           9844936                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               1299673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              10925887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 12225560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              1299673                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             10925887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                12225560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           441245                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              441245                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1192                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1192                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      9548707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9548707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             9989952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                9991144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            9989952                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               9991144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39509515000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   39509515000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104941000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    104941000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 889718992500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 889718992500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     104941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  929228507500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     929333448500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 929228507500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    929333448500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6906898                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6906898                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1300405                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1300405                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1522196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1522196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1300865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1300865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     19393643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      19393643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           1300865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          20915839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             22216704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          1300865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         20915839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            22216704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.289874                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.289874                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000916                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000916                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.492363                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.492363                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.477626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.449713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.477626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.449713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89540.991966                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89540.991966                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88037.751678                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88037.751678                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93176.907879                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93176.907879                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88037.751678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93016.313542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93015.719571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88037.751678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93016.313542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93015.719571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1232573                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1232573                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       441245                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         441245                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1192                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1192                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9548707                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      9548707                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        9989952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           9991144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       9989952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          9991144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  35097065000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35097065000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     93021000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93021000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 794231922500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 794231922500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     93021000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 829328987500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 829422008500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     93021000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 829328987500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 829422008500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.289874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.492363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.477626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.449713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.477626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.449713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79540.991966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79540.991966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78037.751678                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78037.751678                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83176.907879                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83176.907879                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78037.751678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83016.313542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83015.719571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78037.751678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83016.313542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83015.719571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      19949060                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9957916                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9549899                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1232573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8725343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            441245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           441245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       9549899                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     29940204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     29940204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               29940204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    359158944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    359158944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               359158944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           9991144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 9991144    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             9991144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         22427748500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        34429066750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     44431924                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     22215220                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            796                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          796                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2062108109500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          20694508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8139471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1300405                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        22734056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1522196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1522196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1300865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     19393643                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3902135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     62746493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              66648628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     83240640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    890327584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              973568224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         9958712                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  39442336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         32175416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000025                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               32174620    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    796      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           32175416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        26319613500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1300865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       20915839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
