
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.581295                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1581294622500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1581294622500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 547049                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   710029                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1730090664                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 661012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   914.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     648963383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           35072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       457729088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          457764160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        35072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         35072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    456377024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       456377024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          7152017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             7152565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       7130891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            7130891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              22179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          289464772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             289486952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         22179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            22179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       288609736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            288609736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       288609736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             22179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         289464772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            578096688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     7152565                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    7130891                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   7152565                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  7130891                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              457764160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               456375808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               457764160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            456377024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            446965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            446815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            446901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            446731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            446765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            446779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            451101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            446629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            446570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            446783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           446668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           446792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           446815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           446693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           446866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           446692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            445849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            445694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            445812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            445682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            445714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            445753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            445617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            445584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            445524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            445645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           445580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           445675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           445650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           445616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           445829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           445648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1580432085500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               7152565                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              7130891                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7152565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 386986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 387911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 397249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 397248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 397247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 397247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 397247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 397247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 397248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 397247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 397248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 397247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 397247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 397248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 397264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 397250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 397248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 397247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1704799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    536.215688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   360.860280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   397.896122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        85222      5.00%      5.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       606820     35.59%     40.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        94779      5.56%     46.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        90747      5.32%     51.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        83453      4.90%     56.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        76594      4.49%     60.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        54403      3.19%     64.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        63940      3.75%     67.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       548841     32.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1704799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       397247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.005324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.956942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     22.890338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        397245    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        397247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       397247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.950726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.947910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.306538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9336      2.35%      2.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              925      0.23%      2.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18           386963     97.41%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               23      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        397247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 115646577500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            249757171250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                35762825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16168.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34918.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       289.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       288.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    289.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    288.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  6315711                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6262927                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     110647.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6112625400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3248937450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             25551818040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            18612980100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         71446368240.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          78940481610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4800814560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    278197514550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     26573004000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     174996333525                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           688484481705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            435.392918                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1394817913750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2783955000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   30272718000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 716386505500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  69200140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  152569837000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 610081467000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6059639460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3220774755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             25517496060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            18610171740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         70828655040.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          78858014580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4771481760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    274361025810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     26438278560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     177252451800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           685921629315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            433.772188                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1395078129500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2740891750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   30012408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 725407978000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  68849920750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  152615341250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 601668082750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3162589245                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     648963383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             648962728                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    848                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2369346                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     15707705                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    648962728                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           848                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1304344848                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          560057856                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1341                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 581                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             95274047                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           257707815                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     216142387                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   144433139                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   71709248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3162589245                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          18089551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   160      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 431926300     66.56%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   893946      0.14%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     520      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                144433139     22.26%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                71709248     11.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  648963383                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7264369                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.893405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           208877004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7265393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             28.749581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         300806500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.893405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          979                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         223407790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        223407790                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    143914255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       143914255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     64962749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       64962749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     208877004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        208877004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    208877004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       208877004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       518893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        518893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      6746500                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6746500                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      7265393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        7265393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      7265393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       7265393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  41387170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41387170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 590775092500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 590775092500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 632162262500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 632162262500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 632162262500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 632162262500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    144433148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    144433148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     71709249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71709249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    216142397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    216142397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    216142397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    216142397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.094081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.094081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79760.509392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79760.509392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87567.641370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87567.641370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87010.057474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87010.057474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87010.057474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87010.057474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7246720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7246720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       518893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       518893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6746500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6746500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7265393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7265393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7265393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7265393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40868277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40868277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 584028592500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 584028592500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 624896869500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 624896869500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 624896869500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 624896869500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.094081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78760.509392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78760.509392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86567.641370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86567.641370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86010.057474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86010.057474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86010.057474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86010.057474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           419.819543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           740207679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1303182.533451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   419.819543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.409980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.409980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.433594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         740208815                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        740208815                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    740207679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       740207679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     740207679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        740207679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    740207679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       740207679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47685500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47685500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47685500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47685500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47685500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47685500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    740208247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    740208247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83953.345070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83953.345070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83953.345070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83953.345070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83953.345070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83953.345070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47117500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47117500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47117500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47117500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47117500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47117500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82953.345070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82953.345070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82953.345070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82953.345070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82953.345070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82953.345070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   7145008                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16366.251356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7366975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   7161392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.028707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                3457936000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.188138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.803654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16362.259564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.998673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  21691846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 21691846                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      7246720                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          7246720                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          124                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              124                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              46316                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 46316                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              20                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 20                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          67060                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             67060                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                113376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   113396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   20                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               113376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  113396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          6700184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             6700184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           548                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              548                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       451833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          451833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             7152017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                7152565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                548                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            7152017                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               7152565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 573422524500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  573422524500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46050500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     46050500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39385806000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  39385806000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      46050500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  612808330500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     612854381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46050500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 612808330500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    612854381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      7246720                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      7246720                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          124                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          124                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        6746500                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6746500                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       518893                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        518893                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           7265393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7265961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          7265393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7265961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.993135                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.993135                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964789                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.964789                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.870763                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.870763                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.964789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.984395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.984394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.964789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.984395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.984394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85583.101076                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85583.101076                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84033.759124                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84033.759124                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87168.945163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87168.945163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84033.759124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85683.287735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85683.161355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84033.759124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85683.287735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85683.161355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              7130891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7130891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         2087                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          2087                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6700184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        6700184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          548                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          548                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       451833                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       451833                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        7152017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           7152565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       7152017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          7152565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 506420684500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 506420684500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40570500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40570500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34867476000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34867476000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 541288160500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 541328731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 541288160500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 541328731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.993135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.870763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.870763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.984395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.984394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.984395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75583.101076                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75583.101076                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74033.759124                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74033.759124                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77168.945163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77168.945163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74033.759124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75683.287735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75683.161355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74033.759124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75683.287735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75683.161355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      14288293                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7135728                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             452381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7130891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6700184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6700184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        452381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21440858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     21440858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               21440858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    914141184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    914141184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               914141184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           7152565                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 7152565    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             7152565                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         42811863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        37655473750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14530454                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7264493                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          11367                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        11367                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1581294622500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            519461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     14377611                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           31766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6746500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6746500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       518893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21795155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              21796415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    928775232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              928819520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         7145008                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 456377024                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         14410969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028074                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               14399602     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  11367      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           14410969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        14512071000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            852000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10898089500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
